--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
BANCO BPM S.P.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Under this €25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”), BANCO BPM S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or the “Bank” or “Banco BPM”) may from time to time issue non-equity 
securities in physical form (the “Notes in Physical Form”) or in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes” and, together with 
the Notes in Physical Form, the “Notes”). Notes issued under the Programme may be denominated in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject 
to increase as described herein. In the event of such increase, a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be prepared by the Issuer, 
which shall be approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Description of the Programme” and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The terms and conditions for the Notes in Physical Form are set out under “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form” 
and the terms and conditions for the Dematerialised Notes are set out under “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”. 
References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes in Physical Form and/or the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate, and references to 
the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form and/or the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate and as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, CMS, or to the sterling overnight index average rate 
(“SONIA”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and 
administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), CMS is provided and administered by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited and SONIA is provided and administered by the Bank of England. At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
is authorised as benchmark administrators, and included on, the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of CMS is not included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) which 
is the Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving the Base Prospectus, the 
CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transaction or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in 
line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019 
(the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”). This Base Prospectus is valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) for a period of twelve months from the date of approval ending on 6 
June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such notes have been admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and have been “listed” on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined in the Conditions) of Notes will be set out in the relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific 
to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). With respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final 
Terms will be filed with the CSSF and the Drawdown Prospectus will be subject to the approval of the CSSF. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus 
in connection with unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the Notes may be subject to withholding 
or deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and any related regulations. Upon the occurrence of any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of imposta sostitutiva from any payments under the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other person shall 
have any obligation to pay any additional amount(s) to any holder of the Notes. In addition, certain other exceptions to the obligation 
of the Issuer to pay additional amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to the imposition of withholding or deduction from 
payments relating to the Notes also apply. For further details see the Conditions and the section entitled “Taxation – Italian taxation”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Citigroup 
 
DEALERS  
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. - Gruppo Banco BPM 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs International 
Deutsche Bank 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
HSBC 
Mediobanca  
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
Morgan Stanley 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 June 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant Dealer 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, in the case of listed Notes, will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and with any supplements hereto. This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised this Base Prospectus or any part 
thereof nor independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered 
into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is 
in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Group 
(as defined herein). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer and the 
Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes outside the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the Republic of 
Italy and France), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each a “Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will 
state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Issuer will make 
a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
A. initially be represented by a temporary global note (“Temporary Global Note”) which (i) in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form, 
will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any 
other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, for either a permanent global note (“Permanent Global Note”) or Notes in definitive form, 
in each case upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury 
Regulations. A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Notes, all as further described below; or 
B. be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza 
degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (“Monte Titoli”), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli 
and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by 
Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the 
Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (the “Italian Finance Act”) and in accordance with the Commissione Nazionale 
per le società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented (“CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation”). 
The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Dematerialised Notes. However, the

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies 
and 83-sexies of the Italian Finance Act (the “Dematerialised Notes”). 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to, among 
other things, the future financial performance of the Issuer and the Group, plans and expectations regarding 
developments in the business, growth and profitability of the Group and general industry and business 
conditions applicable to the Group. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on its current 
expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements 
are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of the Group or those of its industry to be materially different from or worse 
than these forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not assume any obligation to update such forward-
looking statements and to adapt them to future events or developments except to the extent required by law. 
Suitability of Notes as investments –The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each 
potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
thoroughly understand the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios of 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield as an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments – The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk based capital or similar rules. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding 
markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data 
or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating information set out 
in the section headed “Selected Consolidated Financial Data – Rating” of this Base Prospectus are the 
following rating agencies: Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS (each as defined below). In respect of information in 
this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
 
inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer 
has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only. The contents of 
any websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Base Prospectus do not constitute a 
part of or are incorporated into this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
All references in this document to: “Euro”, “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended; “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars being the 
currency of the United States of America; “Sterling” refers to the currency of the United Kingdom; “yen” 
refers to the currency of Japan; and references to the “Banco BPM Group” or the “Group” are to BANCO 
BPM S.p.A. and its subsidiaries. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Such 
stabilising shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Any loss or profit sustained 
as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account of 
the Stabilising Manager(s) and the relevant Dealers.

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 13 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM ................................................. 45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES.................................................... 89 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 135 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 137 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 155 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA ............................................................................ 156 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP .......................................................................... 164 
REGULATORY ....................................................................................................................................... 215 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 226 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 235 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 239

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Tranche and the relevant Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the 
Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (as amended). Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes” shall have the same meanings in this description. References to the relevant 
Conditions shall be to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” (for Notes in Physical 
Form) and the “Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes” (for Dematerialised Notes) and 
references to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions. 
Issuer: 
BANCO BPM S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
815600E4E6DCD2D25E30 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Paying Agent (for Notes in 
Physical Form): 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes 
BANCO BPM S.p.A. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant 
to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian 
Banking Act, the Maturity Date shall not fall earlier 
than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise 
permitted by current laws, regulations, directives 
and/or the requirements of the Relevant Authority (as 
defined in the Conditions) applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, Subordinated 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of five years. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see “Subscription and Sale – United Kingdom”. 
 
Under 
the 
Luxembourg 
Prospectus 
Law, 
prospectuses for the listing of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of 
securities do not need to be approved by the CSSF 
but would need to be approved by the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange in accordance with Part III of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
Final Terms or  
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued 
either (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a drawdown 
prospectus (each a “Drawdown Prospectus”) 
prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms, those relevant Final Terms 
will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete 
the Conditions and this Base Prospectus and must be 
read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of such 
relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed 
by such Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, 
amended and/ or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”). Each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(“Tranches” and, each, a “Tranche”) issued on 
different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The 
Notes of each Tranche will be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations (of at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent in another currency. 
In addition, Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated 
Notes must have a denomination of at least 
€200,000). 
Form of Notes in Physical Form: 
The Notes in Physical Form will be in bearer form 
and will on issue be represented by either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Temporary 
Global Notes will be exchangeable for either (i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) definitive 
Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
definitive Notes upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ 
written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under 
“Form of the Notes”. 
Form of the Dematerialised Notes 
The Dematerialised Notes will be in bearer form and 
will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their 
respective date of issue. The expression “Monte 
Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte 
Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for 
clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title 
to the Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by 
book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Italian Finance Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. The 
Noteholders may not require physical delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders 
may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification 
of their holding pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 
83-sexies of the Italian Finance Act. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or 
a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue at a 
fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or interest 
may initially accrue at a floating rate and then switch 
to a fixed rate. The method of calculating interest 
may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) 
or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest 
Rate 
Derivatives 
Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on 
the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
by reference to the benchmark as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
(d) 
on the basis of the CMS Rate. 
 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they 
require further information in respect of the ISDA 
Definitions. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed-Floating and  
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest 
in accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions 
and will then switch to bear interest in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Note provisions, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest 
in accordance with the Floating Rate Note provisions 
and will then switch to bear interest in accordance 
with the Fixed Rate Note provisions, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Amendment: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer 
may (subject to certain conditions and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine 
a Successor Reference Rate, failing which an

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark 
Amendments (each term as defined in the 
Conditions) in accordance with Condition 4.3(h).  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, each 
Note (including each CMS Linked Interest Note) will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the relevant Final Terms. The Final 
Redemption Amount will always be equal to at least 
100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (in case of Senior Notes) or a 
Regulatory Event (in case of Subordinated Notes), or 
in each case at the option of the Issuer (including, if 
specified in the Final Terms, if at least the Clean-Up 
Call Percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer) and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The early redemption, repurchase or redemption at 
maturity of Subordinated Notes shall, to the extent 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, be 
subject to any conditions to such redemption or 
repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time, including the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority. If such approval 
is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption 
date, the Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant 
Authority for its consent to such redemption 
forthwith upon its having again satisfied, by 
whatever means, such conditions. The Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to satisfy such conditions and 
to obtain such approval. Amounts that would 
otherwise be payable on the Maturity Date will 
continue to bear interest. 
The early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes 
is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions to such redemption or repurchase 
prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations at 
the relevant time.

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in 
a member state of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
 
In addition: 
(a) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a 
denomination of at least €150,000; and 
(b) 
Subordinated 
Notes 
will 
have 
a 
denomination of at least €200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, premium or interest (in 
case of Senior Notes not qualifying at such time as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet by the MREL 
Requirements only) or of interest only (in case of 
Senior Notes qualifying at such time as liabilities that 
are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements and of 
Subordinated Notes) will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
the Republic of Italy subject as provided in Condition 
7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
As more fully described under “Taxation - Italian 
Taxation” below, interest, premium and other income 
paid under Notes that qualify as (a) obbligazioni (b) 
titoli similari alle obbligazioni pursuant to Article 44 
of Italian Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, as amended, or (c) Subordinated 
Notes meeting capital adequacy requirements are 
subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) levied 
at the tax rate of 26 per cent. stated by Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
subsequently amended. Different rules could apply to 
non-Italian resident Noteholders. 
 
Interest payments relating to Notes that do not 
qualify 
as 
obbligazioni, 
titoli 
similari 
alle 
obbligazioni 
or 
capital 
adequacy 
financial

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
instruments but qualify as titoli atipici (atypical 
securities) for Italian tax purposes, are subject to a 
withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
stated by Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983 (converted by Law No. 649 of 25 
November 1983), as amended. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be either senior 
preferred (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-
preferred (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and, 
together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) or subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”) as 
described below. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future (other than obligations 
ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from 
time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and any further obligations permitted by law to rank 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the 
Issue Date) if any) from time to time outstanding, as 
described in Condition 3.1 (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes). 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their 
terms, and/or by provision of law (including claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CCR) senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, and with all other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments 
and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Italian Banking Act, as amended from time to 
time, as described in Condition 3.2 (Status of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and the payment obligations of the Issuer thereunder 
shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, 
fully or partially, Tier 2 Capital:

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Notes ) or any other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated 
Notes, including any obligation required to be 
preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their 
entirety as Own Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any 
other present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank, junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any 
instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms 
to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of 
the Issuer and any other obligations under 
instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer); or 
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully 
excluded from the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and any 
other present or future unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the 
Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations 
under the Senior Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that have 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Tier 2 Capital 
or Own Funds and with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to (i) all present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, (ii) any 
other present or future subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms 
to rank, junior to the Notes (including Own Funds 
Instruments), and (iii) all present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank, senior or pari passu 
to the Notes, 
as described in Condition 3.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each 
Tranche of Notes to be listed on the Official List, and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market, of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. A copy of such Final 
Terms will be filed with the CSSF and delivered to

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the 
date of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to the Notes of each Tranche will be those 
set out herein under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in Physical Form or the Terms and Conditions 
of the Dematerialised Notes, as the case may be, as 
completed and/or modified by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to the holding of any 
Notes issued under the Programme which investors 
should ensure they fully understand. The principal 
risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under “Risk Factors” below. 
Rating: 
The rating (if any) of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar 
restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes unless (1) such rating is issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Monte Titoli 
and/or, in relation to any Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Governing Law of the Dematerialised Notes: 
The Dematerialised Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Dematerialised Notes, will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the Notes in Physical 
Form: 
The Notes in Physical Form and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes in Physical Form and the 
Coupons, will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy and 
France), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect 
from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes include a

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect 
from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form” and in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meaning in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the term “Terms and Conditions” or 
“Conditions” shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and any reference to a “Condition” shall be to both a 
Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form and a Condition under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors  
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors and the consequences arising from the 
continuation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
The performance of the Banco BPM Group is influenced by: Italian and EU-wide macroeconomic 
conditions, the conditions of the financial markets in general, and in particular, by the stability and trends 
in the economies of those geographical areas in which Banco BPM conducts its activity. The earning 
capacity and solvency of the Banco BPM Group are affected, inter alia, by factors such as investor 
perception, long-term and short-term interest rate fluctuations, exchange rates, liquidity of financial 
markets, availability and costs of funding, sustainability of sovereign debt, family incomes and consumer 
spending, unemployment levels, inflation and property prices. Adverse changes in these factors, especially 
during times of economic and financial crisis, could result in potential losses, an increase in the Issuer’s 
and/or the Banco BPM Group’s borrowing costs, or a reduction in value of its assets, with possible negative 
effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM 
Group. 
During the course of 2022, the global growth outlook deteriorated gradually but significantly. This was due 
to the sharp increase in inflationary dynamics, which was aggravated in Europe by the outbreak - in the 
first months of 2022 - of the war in Ukraine, which triggered a serious continental energy crisis. In fact, on 
24 February 2022, Russia announced a military operation in the Donbass, initiating an invasion of Ukraine. 
In addition, the disruptive effects of the Covid-19 pandemic on global supply chains became more apparent 
in the first half of 2022. Finally, the widespread and aggressive monetary tightening adopted to counter 
some inflationary pressures and the significant erosion of household purchasing power in the face of sharp 
price increases exacerbated the growth slowdown. 
The Euro area economy, which is heavily dependent on Russian gas supplies, felt the impact of the Russia-
Ukraine conflict at various times during 2022, also following the adoption of trade sanctions against Russia. 
The confluence of risks, the sharp increase in energy costs caused by the energy crisis and the resulting 
high price dynamics weighed on businesses and consumers, pushing the area onto a path of lower growth 
and higher consumer inflation. As a result, the annual inflation rate in the Euro area rose in the course of 
2022, only to slow down slightly in the last quarter. 
The Italian economy suffered to a relatively greater extent than other Euro area economies from the 
economic shock caused by the rise in energy and basic commodity prices: indeed, after sustained growth 
in the central quarters of 2022, household consumption fell in the last part of the year, as the marked rise

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
in consumer prices had a negative impact on disposable income. 
2022 also saw an important and sudden reversal by the central banks (the Federal Reserve System and the 
European Central Bank (“ECB”)) regarding the monetary policies of the major western economies, which 
radically opted for restrictive monetary policies to curb rising inflation. 
In March 2023, volatility in the international financial markets increased abruptly following a series of 
events in the US banking sector. The most important of these was the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, which 
was declared insolvent on 10 March 2023 after it failed to cover losses on a large sale of securities, leading 
to a collapse in its share price and a huge outflow of deposits. Almost simultaneously, two other smaller 
US banks - Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank - also failed. Then, in the week of 13 March 2023, the 
Swiss bank Credit Suisse (which had been experiencing some difficulties for years that were already known 
to markets and regulators) was hit by a crisis of confidence that caused its share price to fall sharply on the 
stock markets. The combination of these events fuelled fears of contagion and led to a sudden increase in 
risk aversion in global financial markets. Substantial falls, which were later largely reversed, also affected 
bank share prices in the euro area. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group does not have investments 
in any of the aforementioned counterparties. 
The afore-mentioned uncertain outlook for the Euro area economy is likely to affect the Group's budget 
estimates, as they require a selection of assumptions and hypotheses that may not be confirmed by actual 
future developments. 
The increase in official interest rates has therefore been passed on to the cost of Italian bank loans in 2022. 
Indeed, an increase in interest rates can be observed both for outstanding amounts and for new loans to 
households and enterprises. In December 2022, the interest rate on new Italian banks’ Euro loans to 
households for house purchases was 3.09% (1.40% in December 2021). The average rate on new Italian 
banks’ Euro loans to non-financial corporations rose to 3.44% at the end of 2022, from 1.18% at the end of 
2021. In contrast, in December 2022 the weighted average rate on Italian banks’ total loans to households 
and non-financial corporations was 3.22% (2.13% in December 2021).  
In this context, it should be noted that the direct impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on Banco BPM 
Group is not material, as it has no operations in Russia or Ukraine and no significant credit exposure to 
customers domiciled in these countries or indirectly related to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties. As at 
31 December 2022, these exposures are entirely represented by loans. In fact, the Group's exposure 
represented by securities has been reduced to zero as of March 2022, with the sale of the only Russian 
government bond for a nominal value of Euro 2 million, which resulted in an insignificant loss (Euro 0.1 
million). 
In addition, a number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely: (a) the 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global growth and individual countries (see the preceding 
paragraphs); (b) confirmation of growth trend, or recovery and consolidation perspectives, for the US and 
Chinese economies, which have shown consistent progresses in recent years but have recently lost 
momentum; (c) the ECB, in the Euro area, and the Federal Reserve System’s, in the US, monetary policy 
effectiveness and their future developments, adverse future developments in the Dollar area, policies 
implemented by other countries aimed at promoting their currencies’ competitive devaluations; (d) 
sovereign debt sustainability of certain countries and the related recurring tensions on the financial markets; 
(e) risks related to a high increase of inflation; and (f) international banking system crisis. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in potential losses, 
an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Banco BPM Group’s borrowing costs, or a reduction in value of its 
assets, with possible negative effects on the business, financial conditions and/or results of operations of 
the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and the Group 
Risks related to the Strategic Plan 
On 4 November 2021 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM approved a strategic plan, containing the 
strategic that defines the new objectives of Banco BPM for the time period of 2021-2024 (the “2021-2024 
Strategic Plan”). 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan shows, in qualitative and quantitative terms, the strategies of Banco BPM

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
and contains a set of hypotheses, estimates, projections and forecasts regarding the developments of the 
patrimonial, economic and financial figures based on the occurrence of future events and actions to be 
adopted by the management and the Board of Directors of Banco BPM, in the period of 2021-2024. 
Such hypotheses, estimates and forecasts are based on hypothetical assumptions of various nature, and are 
subject (among others) to the risks and uncertainties, including those of a geopolitical nature relating to the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict, that characterise both the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario and the 
evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and that relate to future events and actions which the 
Board of Directors and the management cannot, in whole or in part, influence, in relation to the performance 
of the principal financial and economic figures or other factors affecting such performance.  
Strictly connected to the strategic risk is the commercial risk understood as the actual and prospective risk 
associated with the failure to achieve the objectives of volume and economic results due to the 
ineffectiveness of the actions taken by the Issuer’s management and Board of Directors and/or thanks to 
adverse market conditions. 
It should be noted that Banco BPM Group regularly monitors exposure to strategic risk and commercial 
risk, including through the calculation of an economic capital using an internally developed model, the 
results of which are accounted for in the integrated risk report that is presented to the Risk Committee on a 
monthly basis and to the corporate bodies on a quarterly basis. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its strategy or 
that it may be unable to implement part or all of such strategy within the timeframe expected, that the 
assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and strategy may be incorrect or that the strategy may 
not achieve the results expected; this may, in turn, have negative effects on the business, financial conditions 
and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
For further information, please refer to the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and the Group - 
Strategy”. 
Risks related to legal proceedings and inspections by Supervisory Authorities 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to litigation in the ordinary course of its business, including civil and 
administrative legal proceedings, as well as several arbitration and tax proceedings. See “Description of the 
Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings of the Group”. Negative outcomes in such proceedings or in any 
investigation by the supervisory authority may create liabilities which reduce the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations. 
Given the complexity of the relevant circumstances and corporate transactions underlying these 
proceedings, together with the issues relating to the interpretation of applicable law, it is inherently difficult 
to estimate the potential liability to which the Banco BPM Group may be exposed when such proceedings 
are decided. 
The Issuer considers that it has made appropriate provision in its consolidated financial statements to cover 
the possible losses that could arise from legal proceedings or other pending disputes, also taking into 
account indications provided by external legal counsel. 
With regard to the diamonds sales activity carried out by a specialized third party company, the Intermarket 
Diamond Business S.p.A. (the “IDB”), in the course of 2022 the new complaints related to the proceedings 
by the Italian Antitrust Authority (“AGCM”) were limited both in number and in overall additional petitum 
(equal to approximately Euro 3.2 million). As of 31 December 2022, as a result of the settlement activity 
through transactions or of a final sentence, complaints and disputes have been defined for a total petitum 
approximately equal to Euro 636.8 million against claims that at the same date amounted to a total of 
approximately Euro 718.4 million. It should also be noted that on 16 February 2023, the Public Prosecutor 
of Verona ordered the release of the sum of Euro 80.3 million in favour of the Bank. At this stage, the 
Public Prosecutor's Office has decided to withhold the remaining amount of approximately Euro 3.5 million 
as a precautionary measure. 
The Banco BPM Group is managing the clients’ complaints and litigation arising from such reporting 
activity through a dedicated task force and the provisions set forth in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements. 
For further information please see further the paragraph in this Base Prospectus headed “Legal Proceedings

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
of the Group- Ongoing Legal and Administrative Proceedings - Proceedings related to the diamonds 
reporting activities” and “10.6.3 Other Provisions – other” on pages 312 – 314 of the 2021 Annual 
Financial Statements and “10.6.3 Other Provisions – other” on pages 338 – 341 of the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
There can be no assurance that legal proceedings which are not included in these provisions would not give 
rise to additional liabilities in the future, nor that the amounts already set aside in these provisions will be 
sufficient to fully cover the possible losses deriving from these proceedings if the outcome is worse than 
expected. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial conditions or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. The Banco BPM Group is furthermore subject, 
in the course of its ordinary activities, to inspections by the supervisory authority that could require 
organisational interventions or the strengthening of internal functions which are aimed at addressing 
weaknesses that have been identified during inspections which might, furthermore, result in sanction 
proceedings being brought against officers of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Banco BPM Group is regularly subject to enquiries and inspections by the ECB in its 
capacity as the Bank’s supervisory authority and other supervisory authorities in the ordinary course of its 
business. For additional information on pending inspections, see “Description of the Issuer and the Group 
– Inspection activities and proceedings conducted by the ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB on Banco BPM 
S.p.A.”. The outcomes of any such enquiries and inspections may lead to organisational interventions and 
the Banco BPM Group may be required to implement certain measures aimed at rectifying any 
shortcomings detected during such enquiries and inspections. A supervisory authority may also take a range 
of disciplinary actions against the representatives of the Issuer with administrative, management or control 
functions.  
Compliance with any measures required by a supervisory authority may require the Banco BPM Group to 
take actions which have, and any sanction imposed by a supervisory authority may have, a potentially 
negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Risks related to deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) and liabilities are recognised in Banco BPM’s consolidated financial 
statements according to accounting principle IAS 12. As of 31 December 2022, DTAs amounted in 
aggregate to Euro 4,357.3 million, of which Euro 2,278.2 million may be converted into tax credits pursuant 
to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (“Law 214/2011”).  
The recognition of DTAs not convertible into tax credits and the subsequent maintenance in the balance 
sheet entails a probability test as to their potential recoverability, which must also consider the tax 
regulations in force at the date of preparation of the financial statements. The probability test must be based 
on reasonable income forecast taken from approved strategic plans and projections, also considering that, 
for income tax purposes, tax regulations permit tax losses to be carried forward without any time limit. 
As a result, the recoverability of the DTAs not convertible into tax assets may be negatively influenced by 
changes in the tax regulations and in the accounting principles in force, which cannot be forecast at present. 
For further information on (i) DTAs, see Section 11 of Part B “Information on the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet” of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, (ii) the timing for the expected recovery of DTAs, see 
section “Notes to the consolidated financial statements” paragraph “Estimating the recoverability of 
deferred tax assets” in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks Related to Sanctions 
The Banco BPM Group has clients and partners located in a number of different jurisdictions. The Group 
is therefore required to comply with sanctions regimes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In particular, 
the Group must comply or may in the future be required to comply with economic sanctions imposed by 
the United Nations, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States on certain countries, 
in each case to the extent applicable, and these regimes are subject to change, which cannot be predicted. 
Such sanctions may limit the ability of the Group to continue to transact with clients or to maintain 
commercial relations with counterparties which may fall under economic sanctions and/or counterparties 
that are located in sanctioned countries. The risk has been recently exacerbated by the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine and the ensuing sanctions enacted by, inter alia, the United States, the European Union and the

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
United Kingdom. See also “Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors and the 
consequences arising from the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict”.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has limited commercial relationships with certain 
counterparties located in sanctioned countries, but these are carried out in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations. In addition and on the basis of advice obtained from an independent third party consultant, 
the Group regularly upgrades its dedicated procedures to enhance and monitor compliance with sanctions 
in the various countries in which it operates. However, were the counterparties of the Group, or the Group 
itself, to be affected by sanctions investigations and/or by sanctions, the investigation costs, remediation 
required and/or payment or other legal liability incurred could potentially negatively affect Banco BPM’s 
net assets and net results. Such an adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
reputation and business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to the Issuer 
The ratings assigned to the Issuer by the main international rating agencies are an indication of the credit 
ratings of the Issuer itself and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates the expected trend in 
the near future, of the ratings assigned to the Issuer. However, such indications may not properly reflect 
developments in the solvency position of the Issuer and the Banco BPM Group. In addition, ratings assigned 
to the Issuer may be influenced by developments in the rating assigned to Italy’s sovereign debt and the 
Italian macroeconomic conditions. Any deterioration in the Italian sovereign debt rating or in the Italian 
macroeconomic condition may lead to a downgrade of the Issuer’s ratings, which could in turn cause 
adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the 
Banco BPM Group. 
Any reduction of the rating levels assigned to the Issuer could have a negative effect on the opportunities 
for the Issuer and for the Banco BPM Group to access the various liquidity instruments and could lead to 
an increase in funding costs or require the constitution of additional collateral guarantees for the purpose 
of accessing liquidity. This may cause adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that debtors may not fulfil their obligations or that their credit rating may suffer a 
deterioration (such debtors include the counterparties of financial transactions involving OTC (over the 
counter) derivatives traded outside of regulated markets) or that the Banco BPM Group’s companies grant 
credit that they would not otherwise have granted, or would have granted upon different terms, on the basis 
of information that is untruthful, incomplete or inaccurate. Credit risk includes (i) counterparty risk and (ii) 
risks connected to the deterioration of the credit quality. 
A number of factors affect a bank’s credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire loan 
book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes in the 
rating of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties, poor 
management on the part of firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external factors, also of 
a legal and regulatory nature.  
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults or 
repayment irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the reduction of the 
economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said guarantees successfully 
and/or in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing customers’ creditworthiness – which may be 
also due to ineffectiveness of the Group’s risk management methodologies, assessments and processes – 
could have a material negative effect on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
a) Risks connected to the deterioration of the credit quality 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to credit risk. The Banco BPM Group’s policies for managing and 
controlling the quality of the loan portfolio, and the associated risks, are based on rules of sound and prudent 
management. The policies are implemented through the processes of distributing, managing and monitoring 
credit risks that varied according to the circumstances of the market, business sector and characteristics of

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
each borrower. The loan portfolio is closely monitored on a continuous basis in order to promptly identify 
any signs of imbalance and to take corrective measures aimed at preventing any deterioration. 
The recent crisis in the financial markets and the global economic slowdown have reduced and may further 
reduce, also as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the disposable income of households, as well as the 
profitability of companies and/or adversely affect the ability of bank customers to honour their 
commitments, resulting in a significant deterioration in credit quality in the areas of activity of the Issuer.  
The coverage of the non-performing exposures of the Banco BPM Group as at 31 December 2022 was 
equal to 50.6%. The coverage of the bad loans of the Banco BPM Group as at 31 December 2022 was equal 
to 64.8%. 
Banco BPM Group’s net non-performing loans, as of 31 December 2022, amounted to Euro 2.4 billion, 
with a decrease of Euro 0.9 billion or 27.8%, as compared to 31 December 2021, and represented 2.2% of 
Banco BPM Group’s total net loans. 
In addition, the Group’s gross NPL ratio was equal to 4.2% as of 31 December 2022, as compared to 5.6% 
as of 31 December 2021. In this respect, on 20 March 2017, the ECB published the “Guidance to banks on 
non-performing loans”. These guidelines address the main aspects of the management of non-performing 
loans, spanning from the definition of the NPL strategy and of the operational plan to the NPL governance 
and operations, meanwhile providing several recommendations and best practices which will drive in the 
future, the ECB’s expectations. To this end, the Group constantly monitors the gross NPL ratio reduction 
target, as from time to time agreed with the competent supervising authorities. See also “Risks related to 
the disposal of non-performing loans” below.  
Even though the Banco BPM Group periodically makes provisions to cover potential losses, on the basis 
of its experience and statistics, the Banco BPM Group may have to increase these provisions further should 
there be a rise in bad loans or an increasing number of the Banco BPM Group’s debtors subject to 
insolvency proceedings (including bankruptcy or creditors’ composition). In addition, provisioning may 
have to increase on the basis of the Prudential Backstop Regulation (as defined below, see also “Regulatory 
– Regulatory Measures on NPLs”). In this regard, any significant increase in the provisions for non-
performing exposures, change in the estimates of credit risk, or any losses that exceed the level of the 
provisions already made, could have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
b) Counterparty risk 
In the conduct of its operations, the Banco BPM Group is exposed to counterparty risk. Counterparty risk 
is the risk that a counterparty of a transaction (including operations in derivatives and repurchase 
agreements) involving particular financial instruments may default before the transaction is settled. The 
Banco BPM Group trades derivative contracts with a wide variety of underlying assets and instruments, 
including interest rates, exchange rates, equity indices, commodities and loans, with counterparties from 
the financial services sector, commercial banks, government entities, financial and insurance firms, 
investment banks, funds and other institutional clients as well as with non-institutional clients. 
Transactions in derivatives and repurchase transactions expose the Banco BPM Group to the risk that the 
counterparty defaults or becomes insolvent before settlement or expiry of the transaction, where the Issuer 
or other Banco BPM Group company has an outstanding claim against such counterparty, in addition to 
market risks and operational risks.  
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures for identifying, monitoring and managing 
these types of risk. Any breach by the counterparties of the obligations they assume under derivative or 
repurchase contracts they have made with the Issuer or other companies of the Banco BPM Group, and/or 
the realisation or liquidation of such collateral as they have provided that delivers a lower value than 
expected, may result in adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of 
the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
c) Risks relating to the real estate market 
The Banco BPM Group is exposed to the real estate sector, as it is a lender to companies in the real estate 
sector, and to real estate investment funds, whose cash flows are mainly, or exclusively, backed by proceeds 
deriving from the construction, lease and/or sale of real estate.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
The “real estate sector” includes loans to construction and real estate companies/economic groups, to real 
estate investment funds and to private individuals (in the form of mortgage loans or finance leases to buy a 
house), together with loans to companies categorised within this sector but whose core business is not real 
estate (indotto immobiliare) as well as to companies in the public infrastructure construction sector. 
The real estate sector has been particularly affected by the economic and financial crisis resulting in a fall 
in asset prices as well as in the number of transactions, accompanied by an increase in the cost of funding 
and greater difficulties in obtaining access to credit. Consequently, companies operating in the real estate 
sector have experienced a decrease in transactions both in terms of volumes and margins, an increase in 
financial expenses, as well as greater difficulties in refinancing their debt. The past economic dynamic, and 
the COVID-19 pandemic, could increase the bankruptcy rate of both individual and corporate borrowers of 
the Banco BPM Group, resulting in defaults in the payment of lease and/or mortgage instalments. 
In this scenario, falling prices in the real estate market could adversely affect the Banco BPM Group, both 
directly as a result of the impact on customers operating in this sector, and indirectly as a result of the fall 
in the value of real estate properties posted as collateral for loans granted by the Banco BPM Group. 
The Banco BPM Group has put procedures in place to handle and monitor the risk of default by the 
borrowers and is supported, where appropriate, by external and internal experts to evaluate any real estate 
projects and any exposure to the real estate sector is subject to increased capital requirements imposed by 
the Bank of Italy or the ECB. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any further deterioration of the real estate 
market conditions or of the economic and financial conditions in general and/or fall in the value of real 
estate properties placed as collateral could adversely affect the debt servicing ability of the Banco BPM 
Group’s borrowers and, in turn, have a negative adverse impact on the business, financial conditions and/or 
results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the disposal of non-performing loans 
As the Group is among the largest banking groups in Italy, the ECB highlighted the need for the Banco 
BPM Group to accelerate the reduction of non-performing loans including bad loans, unlikely to pay 
(“UTP”) and past due (together, “NPLs”), and requested the preparation of a clear action plan for reducing 
NPLs and increasing the average coverage ratios of NPLs.  
It is possible that additional disposals will take place. Further, in accordance with the terms and results of 
the disposals undertaken to reduce the number of NPLs, the Issuer can give no assurance that no further 
adjustments to the income statement in respect of the value of the loans will be made, on account of the 
difference between the value at which the NPLs are recorded in the balance sheet of banks, and the price 
which investors specialised in “distressed debt” management are prepared to pay for the acquisition of the 
same, in view of the returns that such investors consider achievable. Such adjustments may have a material 
negative impact on the finances, assets and business of the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the exposure to sovereign debt 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt 
crisis in the Euro Area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any 
further acceleration of the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, 
the recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt securities held by the Group as well as the financial 
resources of the Group’s clients holding similar securities.  
The ECB’s unconventional policy (including public sector, covered bond and ABS purchase programme 
and provision of liquidity via Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations (“TLTRO”)) has contributed 
to ease market tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of 
credit spreads. The possibility that the ECB could halt or reconsider the current set up of unconventional 
measures, as recent developments have shown, would impact negatively the value of sovereign debt 
instruments. This would have a materially negative impact on the Group’s business, results and financial 
position.  
The Group is exposed to government bonds and, in particular, Italian government bonds. As at 31 December 
2022, the Group’s total exposure to sovereign debt securities, relating to the banking segment, was equal 
to Euro 29,811.3 million, mainly concentrated at the Issuer level (Euro 29,508.4 million). Exposure to EU 
countries sovereign debt represented 87% of the total exposure to sovereign debt securities; exposure to

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
Italian government bonds was equal to Euro 10,927.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (37% of total 
exposure). Consequently, the Issuer is particularly exposed to any adverse changes and fluctuations in the 
market for Italian government securities, the political situation and the sovereign debt rating. A decrease in 
the market price for Italian government bonds could negatively affect the value of its assets and therefore 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
In addition, if the credit ratings of Italy and/or of other countries to which the Group has sovereign 
exposures deteriorate, the Issuer may be required to revise the risk weighting attributed to the relevant assets 
for the calculation of risk-weighted assets (“RWA”), which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
capital ratios. The Issuer may also be required to revise the discount criteria applied by counterparties in 
refinancing transactions, such as in the ECB’s TLTRO refinancing transactions, resulting in an increase in 
the collateral required or a reduction in the liquidity obtained in relation to such collateral. 
In addition, the lingering uncertainties arising from geopolitical tensions, could have a material adverse 
effect on the economies of the EU Member States in general, and the Italian economy in particular, with a 
consequential upsurge of the sovereign debt crisis. See also “Risks related to the impact of global macro-
economic factors”. 
Although in recent years the fiscal and macroeconomic imbalances that contributed to the Euro Area 
sovereign’s debt crisis have been reduced in several countries, there are still concerns about the possible 
dissolution of the European Monetary Union, or the exit of individual countries from the monetary union 
(with a possible return to local currencies), fostered, among other factors, by the electoral surge of anti- EU 
parties across the euro area. Any scenario of this kind would generate unpredictable consequences. 
All the factors described above, and particularly any re-emergence or further deterioration of the sovereign 
debt crisis, could result in potential losses to the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group, an increase in its 
borrowing costs, and/or a reduction in the value of its assets, with possible negative effects on the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Market risks  
The Banco BPM Group is exposed to market risk, being the risk that the value of a financial asset or liability 
could vary because of changes of market factors, such as share prices, interest rates, exchange rates and 
their volatilities, as well as changes in the credit spreads of the relevant issuer. To the extent that any of the 
instruments and strategies used by the Banco BPM Group to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure to 
counterparty or market risks are not effective, the Banco BPM Group may not be able to effectively mitigate 
its risk exposure in particular market conditions, or against particular types of risk. The Banco BPM 
Group’s trading revenues and interest rate risk exposure depend on its ability to identify properly, and mark 
to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by movements in market prices or interest 
rates. The Banco BPM Group’s financial results also depend on how effectively the Banco BPM Group 
determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own counterparty risk and market risk 
concentration. 
(a) Risks related to interest rates 
The Banco BPM Group’s performance is influenced by interest rate trends and fluctuations, mainly in the 
European markets, which in turn are caused by different factors beyond the control of the Banco BPM 
Group, such as monetary policies, general trends in the national and international economy and the political 
conditions of Italy. 
The performance of the Banco BPM Group’s banking and financing operations depends upon the 
management and sensitivity of their interest rate exposure, i.e. the effect of changes in interest rates in the 
relevant markets on the interest margin and economic value of the Banco BPM Group. Any mismatch 
between the interest income accrued by the Banco BPM Group and the interest expense incurred (in the 
absence of protection taken out to cover this mismatch) could have material adverse effects on the Banco 
BPM Group’s and/or the Issuer’s business, financial condition or results of operations (such as an increase 
of the cost of funding that is more marked than any increase in the yield from assets or the reduction in the 
yield from assets that is not matched by a decrease in the cost of funding). 
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage these types 
of risk. However, it is not possible to rule out that unexpected variations of market interest rates may have 
a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
the Banco BPM Group. 
(b) Risks related to the performance of financial markets 
The Banco BPM Group’s results depend in part on the performance of financial markets. In particular, the 
unfavourable development of the financial markets in recent years has affected: (i) the placement of 
products relating to assets under management and assets under administration, with resulting adverse effects 
on the amounts of placement commissions received; (ii) management commissions due to the reduced value 
of assets (direct effect) and redemptions resulting from unsatisfactory performance (indirect effect); (iii) 
the operations of the Investment Banking line of business, in particular with respect to placement of financial 
products and customer dealing, with adverse effects on the amount of commissions received; and (iv) results 
from the management of the banking and trading portfolios.  
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures in place to identify, monitor and manage these 
types of risk. However, the volatility and possible insufficient liquidity of the markets, as well as the change 
of investor preferences towards different kinds of products and/or services, may have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Liquidity and Funding risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer may not have the cash resources to be able to meet its payment 
obligations, scheduled or unscheduled, when due. “Funding Liquidity Risk” refers to the risk that the Issuer 
is not able to meet its scheduled or unscheduled payment obligations in an efficient manner due to its 
inability to access funding sources, without prejudicing its banking activities and/or financial condition. 
“Market Liquidity Risk” refers to the risk that the Issuer is only able to realise its assets at a loss as a result 
of the market conditions and/or timing requirements. Having access to adequate liquidity and long-term 
funding, in any form, to run its core activity is crucial for Banco BPM to achieve its strategic objectives. In 
addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Starting in 2007, the international economic environment has been subject to long periods of high volatility, 
extraordinary uncertainty and instability in the financial markets. This was initially caused by the default 
of certain financial institutions and then by the sovereign debt crisis in certain countries, including Italy. 
During these periods, this state of uncertainty and volatility has led to considerable difficulties in finding 
liquidity on the wholesale market, a contraction in inter-bank loans and a significant increase in the cost of 
funding in the retail markets, worsened by the growing distrust towards European bank operators, 
substantially limiting access to credit by operators. 
A deterioration of market conditions, further loss of investors’ confidence in financial markets, an increase 
in speculation about the solvency or credit standing of the financial institutions present in the market 
(including that of the Issuer), or that of the country where they are based, can adversely impact the ability 
of banks to obtain funding in future. The inability of Banco BPM or any Banco BPM Group legal entity to 
access the debt market (Funding Liquidity Risk) or sell its assets (Market Liquidity Risk) would, in turn, 
adversely affect the Banco BPM Group’s ability to achieve its objectives.  
In addition, the Banco BPM Group is exposed to government debt securities, in particular Italian 
government debt securities. Any further reduction in the credit rating assigned to Italy (which has already 
been the subject of a number of downgrades by the principal rating agencies in recent years) may adversely 
affect the value of such debt securities and as a result could impact the extent to which the Issuer can use, 
inter alia, Italian government debt securities as collateral for the ECB refinancing transactions which could 
have an adverse effect on the Banco BPM Group’s liquidity. 
Further reductions of the credit rating assigned to Italy might also entail a worsening of credit ratings 
assigned to Italian financial institutions (including that of the Issuer) – in this respect, see also “Risks 
connected to the deterioration of credit quality”. 
The Banco BPM Group constantly monitors its own liquidity and funding risks. There can, however, be no 
assurance that any negative developments in the conditions of the markets, in the general economic 
environment and/or in the Issuer’s credit standing, combined with the need to align the Issuer’s liquidity 
and funding position to regulatory requirements, would not have a negative impact on the business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
Climate and environmental risks 
As part of the Risk Identification process carried out in 2021, the Group identified the issues relating to 
“Climate change & Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”)” as a specific risk factor to which it 
could be exposed. Said issues are seen as the risk drivers underlying prudential risks, for example related 
to sustainable development in terms of credit and finance and the valuation of internal intangibles, and have 
shown an increase in terms of both the likelihood of their occurrence and their impact with respect to last 
year.  
As part of the 2022 update of the Risk Identification process, the Group has broken down the specific ESG 
risk factors into those related to “climate change” and those related to “governance and social 
sustainability”. 
To this end, the Group’s risk management proceeded with the assessment process with respect to the current 
ESG regulatory requirements and consultation procedure, first of all with regard to the “Guide on climate-
related and environmental risks” the final version of which was published by the ECB in November 2020. 
The ECB Guide (as defined in “Regulatory” below) clarifies that climate and ESG risks are cross-cutting 
determinants of other risk factors, of which the most impacted are credit, operational, market, and liquidity 
risks. In this context, during 2022, the Group participated in the Climate Risk Stress Test 2022 conducted 
by the ECB for the entire European banking sector, the aggregate results of which were published on 8 July 
2022. 
Such risks could result in potential losses to the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group, an increase in its 
borrowing costs, and/or a reduction in the value of its assets, with possible negative effects on the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to develop and implement the various project initiatives aimed at analysing 
and managing climate and environmental risks, both with regard to the Bank's specific ESG programme 
and in response to the expectations of the aforementioned ECB guidance on the subject, in line with the 
detailed operational plans defined by the Group and updated as part of the overall thematic review of 
policies, governance and risk management frameworks related to climate and the environment (Thematic 
Review) launched by the ECB. 
It cannot be excluded that the adoption of new policies on climate and environmental risks, future 
developments in ESG and sustainable growth guidelines, as well as changes in consumer preferences and 
market confidence, may have a negative impact on the business, the economic and financial situation of the 
Issuer and/or Banco BPM Group. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of suffering losses due to inadequacy or failure of processes, human 
resources and internal systems, or as a result of external events. Operational risk includes legal risk, which 
is the risk of losses deriving from breaches of laws or regulations, contractual, out-of-contract liabilities or 
other disputes, ICT (Information and Communication Technology) risk (including risks connected with 
cyber-attacks and risks connected with the malfunctioning of ICT equipment) and model risk. Strategic and 
reputational risks are not included. The Banco BPM Group has procedures in place to mitigate and monitor 
operational risks in order to limit the adverse consequences arising from such risks. These risks are managed 
and supervised by the Issuer and by other Banco BPM Group legal entities through a structured series of 
processes, functions and resources for the identification, measurement, valuation and control of risks that 
are characteristic of the Banco BPM Group’s activities. 
Nonetheless, the Banco BPM Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective 
in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks (especially 
those due to potential exogenous factors such as external frauds and cyber-attacks), including risks that the 
Banco BPM Group fails to identify or anticipate. 
Risks connected to the contributions to the Single Resolution Fund and the Interbank Deposit Guarantee 
Fund 
Directive 2014/49/EU (the “Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) and the BRRD (as defined below), 
as well as the establishment of the Single Resolution Mechanism, introduced significant changes to the 
framework regulating the financial distress of banks, with the aim of strengthening the single market and

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
the stability of the European banking system. 
Based on the legal framework introduced as a consequence of the transposition into Italian law of these 
directives, financial institutions are required to provide financial resources in order to fund the Italian 
Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi) and the National 
Resolution Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico Nazionale, which was transferred to the Single Resolution 
Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico). 
With respect to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund, contributions are calculated with respect to 
the ratio of the guaranteed deposits held with banks of the Groups as compared to total protected deposits 
held with Italian banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund, as well as the level 
of risk of the Group’s banks holding guaranteed deposits as compared to the aggregate level of risk of all 
the Italian banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. The Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive requires Italian banks to make annual ordinary contributions to the Italian Interbank 
Deposit Guarantee Fund in order for it to reach financial resources equalling 0.8% of the total guaranteed 
deposits held with Italian banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. Such target 
must be reached by 3 July 2024. In 2022, the banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee 
Fund contributed Euro 1.36 billion to its financial endowment, of which Euro 888 million as ordinary 
contributions and Euro 471 million as additional contributions in order to gradually reintegrate the Italian 
Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund’s financial endowment following the initiatives that were undertaken 
between 2015 and 2021. As of 31 December 2022, the financial resources amounted to Euro 3.3 billion, 
net of provisions for future commitments, corresponding to 0.44% of protected deposits. 
With respect to the Single Resolution Fund, the contributions are calculated in proportion to the amount of 
liabilities of the relevant bank (excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) to the total liabilities 
(excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) of Italian banks and the degree of risk assumed by the 
relevant bank compared to the degree of risk assumed by all other Italian banks. The BRRD provides that 
Italian banks must pay annual ordinary contributions until the Single Resolution Fund has financial 
resources equal to at least 1% of the total guaranteed deposits of financial institutions authorised in all 
participating Member States. This level must be reached by 1 January 2024. 
If the financial resources of the Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund and/or the Single Resolution Fund are 
insufficient to cover any losses, or if as a result of costs or other expenses incurred by such funds in 
compliance with the regulations governing their operation the above percentages are not reached, financial 
institutions may be required to make extraordinary contributions.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s ordinary contribution to the Italian Interbank Deposit 
Guarantee Fund was Euro 114.6 million. The Group’s ordinary annual contribution to the Single Resolution 
Fund in 2022 was equal to Euro 110.5 million. In addition, with reference to year ended 31 December 2021, 
the Group was required to pay additional contributions to the Single Resolution Fund equal to Euro 28.6 
million in connection with the resolution actions taken before the activation of the Single Resolution Fund. 
It should also be noted that the Covid-19 pandemic has led to a significant increase in the financial resources 
that customers have decided to keep in current accounts and savings deposits. This phenomenon has 
affected the entire banking system and has been reflected in an increase in the minimum financial 
endowment levels of both the Single Resolution Fund and the Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. This has 
led to an increase in the ex-ante contribution levels required of banks in order to reach the aforementioned 
minimum financial endowment levels.  
Should the Group be required to make large contributions in future, or should the guarantee funds fail, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to European and Italian banking regulations 
Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking and financial sectors and to the changes of the other 
laws applicable to the Banco BPM Group 
The Banco BPM Group, as with all banking groups, is subject to extensive regulations and to the 
supervision (being for regulatory, information or inspection purposes, as the case may be) by the Bank of 
Italy, CONSOB and IVASS with respect to its bancassurance operations. As of and from 3 November 2014, 
the Banco BPM Group is also subject to the supervision of the ECB which, pursuant to rules establishing a

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”), has the duty to, among 
other things, guarantee the uniform application of the rules of the Euro currency area. 
In particular, the Banco BPM Group is subject to the laws and regulations applicable to companies with 
financial instruments listed on regulated markets, the rules governing banking services (aimed to maintain 
the stability and the solidity of the banks as well as to limit their risk exposure) and financial services (that 
govern, among other things, the sale and placement of financial instruments as well as marketing 
operations). Supervisory authorities have broad administrative powers over many aspects of the financial 
services business, including liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money 
laundering, privacy, transparency, record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. 
In particular, the Banco BPM Group is subject to an extensive set of rules governing capital adequacy, 
liquidity levels and leverage, which derive from the requirements approved by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision following the 2008 financial crisis, as implemented in EU and Italian legislation. In 
this respect, on 14 December 2022, the ECB notified Banco BPM of its final decision on the minimum 
capital ratios to be complied with by Banco BPM on an ongoing basis, based on the outcome of the annual 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). Taking into account this additional capital 
requirement, the Banco BPM Group is required to meet, for 2023, the following capital ratios at 
consolidated level, in accordance with the transitional criteria in place: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.70%; (ii) Tier 
1 ratio of 10.68%; (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.32%; and (iv) Total SREP Capital requirement of 10.25%1. 
Following the update of the countercyclical reserve as at 31 December 2022, which amounts to 0.011%, 
the minimum ratios that Banco BPM Group will have to comply with in 2023 are now equal to: (i) CET1 
ratio of 8.71%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 10.69%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.33%.The Banco BPM Group 
satisfied these prudential ratios as at 31 December 2022, with a CET1 ratio of 14.3%, a Tier 1 ratio of 
16.6% and a Total Capital ratio of 19.6%, in each case at phase-in level2. However, there can be no 
assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Group from time to time may 
not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. There can also be no assurance as to the 
result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds 
requirements on the Issuer or the Group. For additional information on the capital requirements applicable 
to the Group, see “Selected Consolidated Financial Data – Capital Requirements of the Group” and 
“Regulatory”. 
In addition to the capital requirements discussed above, the BRRD introduced requirements for banks to 
maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (the “MREL”). Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its combined buffer requirement 
when considered in addition to its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, resolution 
authorities have the power to prohibit certain distributions in accordance with the restrictions on 
distributions provisions by reference to the Maximum Distributable Amount. The Relevant Authority may 
furthermore exercise its supervisory powers under Article 104 of the CRD IV in case of breach of the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. As a result, the powers set out in the BRRD 
and the application of the MREL requirement will impact the management of credit institutions and 
investment firms as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors, including holders of the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, the restrictions on liquidity and the increase in ratios 
applicable to the Banco BPM Group on the basis of the EU Banking Reform and other laws or regulations 
that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Banco BPM Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flow and financial position, as well as the possibility of distributing dividends to the 
shareholders and holders of AT1 instruments. In particular, problems could arise when subordinated bonds 
which are no longer eligible for regulatory capital purposes reach maturity, as they will have to be replaced 
by alternative funding sources that comply with the new rules. This could make it harder to comply with 
the new minimum capital requirements, at least with respect to the combined buffer requirement (and any 
other relevant buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer from time to time), potentially limiting the Banco 
BPM Group’s ability to distribute dividends and to pay interests on AT1 instruments as a result of operation 
 
1 
Subject to change for quarterly quantification of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer. 
2 
Ratios calculated by including the net results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and deducting the total proposed 
dividends based on the applicable regulations. The transitional provisions provided for in Articles 473(a) and 468 
of the Regulation EU 575/2013 have been applied.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
of the restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to Maximum Distributable Amount contained 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Moreover, supervisory authorities have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against 
the Banco BPM Group, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of the licences, 
cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action (in this respect, 
see also “Risks related to legal proceedings and inspections by Supervisory Authorities”). Such 
proceedings could have adverse effects on the Issuer’s and the Banco BPM Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. For additional information on the main laws and regulations applicable 
to the banking sector, see “Regulatory”. 
Risks related to recent and forthcoming regulatory and accounting changes 
In addition to the own funds and eligible liabilities and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III, the 
CRD IV, the BRRD and the EU Banking Reform, there are several other initiatives, in various stages of 
finalisation, which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the EU’s 
future regulatory direction. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised Markets in Financial 
Instruments EU Directive and Markets in Financial Instruments EU Regulation which entered into force on 
2 July 2014 with implementation required at Member States level as from January 2018 subject to certain 
transitional arrangements. A new framework for European securitisation (implemented through Regulation 
(EU) 2017/2042 and Regulation (EU) 2017/2401) has introduced the long awaited rules for issuing simple, 
transparent and standardised transactions and replaced the provisions of the CRR relating to the regulatory 
capital treatment of securitisation exposures held by EU credit institutions and investment firms. Moreover, 
the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant RWAs variability agenda. This includes the 
“Fundamental Review of the Trading Book”, revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, market, 
operational risk), constraint to the use of internal models, as well as the introduction of a capital floor. The 
regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a 
significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital 
held against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings 
based approach (“IRB”), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, 
will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation of these new rules on risk 
models are expected to take effect from 1 January 2025. 
Other forthcoming regulatory changes include the EU Banking Reform that amend many of the existing 
provisions set forth in CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. For additional information, see also 
“Regulatory” and “Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking and financial sectors and to the 
changes of the other laws applicable to the Banco BPM Group”. On 7 December 2017 the Basel Committee 
endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms. The reforms, which include revisions to 
the measurement of the leverage ratio and a leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important banks 
(G-SIBs), which takes the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk weighted capital 
buffer, is effective from 1 January 2022 and will be phased in over five years. These are being introduced 
in the EU through the amendments to the CRR contained in the EU Banking Reform. 
In addition, the EU Banking Reform changes the rules for calculating the capital requirements for market 
risks against the trading book positions set out in the CRR, to transpose the work done by the Basel 
Committee with the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book into EU law by establishing clearer and 
more easily enforceable rules on the scope of application to prevent regulatory arbitrage; improving risk 
capture, making requirements proportionate to reflect more accurately the actual risks to which banks are 
exposed; and strengthening the conditions to use internal models to enhance consistency and risk-weight 
comparability across banks. The new rules include a phase-in period. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of the new capital requirements, standards and 
recommendations described above will not require the Issuer to issue additional securities that qualify as 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may 
have adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, 
increased capital requirements may negatively affect Issuer’s return on equity and other financial 
performance indicators. 
The Issuer is exposed to the effects of changes in accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or 
changes to them (including those resulting from International Accounting Standards as endorsed and 
adopted in Europe). In this respect, as part of the project of rationalising and promoting the real estate assets

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
of the Group, the Issuer resolved to change the measurement criterion for property and valuable works of 
art, adopting the fair value for real estate investments and the revaluation value for property used in 
operations and valuable works of art. The income statement for the 2022 financial year shows a net negative 
impact of Euro 108.3 million resulting from the adjustment of the fair value of investment properties 
following the annual update of valuation reports. In the 2021 financial year, the net impact was a negative 
Euro 141.6 million. 
The Banco BPM Group is exposed, like other parties operating in the banking sector, to the effects of the 
entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or 
changes to them (including those resulting from IFRS as endorsed and adopted into European law). 
Specifically, the Banco BPM Group, like other parties operating in the banking sector, may need to revise 
the accounting and regulatory treatment of some existing assets, liabilities and transactions (and the related 
income and expense), with possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the estimates in financial 
plans for future years and this could lead to the Issuer having to restate financial data published previously. 
Investors should be aware that implementation of new accounting principles or standards and regulations 
(or changes thereto) may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Changes in regulatory framework and accounting policies  
Investors should be aware that the powers provided to “resolution authorities” under the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive include write down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including Subordinated Notes) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments) fully absorb 
losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution and before any other resolution action is taken 
(in addition to the General Bail-In Tool). Accordingly, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down of such capital instruments and eligible 
liabilities in full on a permanent basis, or convert them in full into shares or other instruments of ownership. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise 
the write down power in a way that results in (i) CET1 instruments being written down first in proportion 
to the relevant losses, (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments (including 
Subordinated Notes) being written down or converted into CET1 instruments on a permanent basis, and 
(iii) thereafter, eligible liabilities being written down or converted in accordance with a set order of priority. 
The powers set out in the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may impact how credit institutions and 
investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The holders of 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subjected to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the General Bail-In Tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders 
losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive, or any exercise which is suggested could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes. 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment 
of the BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to 
provide for a general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would 
be required by the BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary 
unsecured claims to all deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative 
procedures but if it is implemented in its current form, this would confirm the outcome currently applicable 
under Italian law, whereby the Senior Notes (including Senior Preferred Notes) will rank junior to the 
claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits. 
For additional information on the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and the powers of resolution 
authorities, see “Regulatory”. 
Governmental and central banks’ actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, intervention 
with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further increased. In many 
countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial system and direct intervention 
by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to technically permit such 
government support, financial institutions were required to pledge securities deemed appropriate by 
different central financial institutions as collateral. The unavailability of liquidity through such measures, 
or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures by governments and central authorities could result in 
increased difficulties in procuring liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement 
of such liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the Banco BPM Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
Modification and waivers under the Notes  
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
in Physical Form” below) and the Conditions of both the Notes in Physical Form and the Dematerialised 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form provide that the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of the 
Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form which is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest error. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.3(h)(III)(C). In addition, 
the Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14.2 
(Modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form, modify the terms 
of the Notes, in order, inter alia, to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power. 
However, this could include changes that would be materially less favourable to holders, including but not 
limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. See also 
“Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent” below. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes provide that the Issuer may, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders, carry out any modification of the Dematerialised Notes which is: (a) 
in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
shall be required in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 
4.3(h)(III)(C). Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter. 
Investors should note that amendments to the Conditions might also be materially less favourable to holders, 
even if not prejudicial, or including, but not limited to, changes in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction 
provisions. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian laws or administrative practice 
The Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or its administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus. See also “Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder 
consent” below. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
To the extent applicable, Dematerialised Notes will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time 
through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Italian Finance Act and in accordance with 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Dematerialised Notes are represented by book 
entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised 
financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the 
Dematerialised Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the 
procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Because the Global Notes in respect of Notes in Physical Form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer 
Notes in Physical Form issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. 
Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes in Physical Form are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes in Physical Form are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent has paid Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes in Physical Form. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders 
of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer unless the Notes have become due and repayable and definitive notes 
are not being issued in exchange for Global Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 3.1 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, 
in Condition 3.2 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
in Condition 3.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) in respect of Subordinated Notes, the holder of a Note 
will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the Notes will immediately become 
due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an 
analogous event as set out in Condition 9.1 (Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of any interest, or in case of the exercise of any bail-in by the Relevant Authority, 
the holders of the Notes will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please also 
see the risk factor entitled “Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds”. 
Risks related to the forthcoming tax reform of financial incomes 
The Italian legislative proposal AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is subject to approval by the Italian 
Parliament, would delegate power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from 
approval, one or more legislative decrees envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system. According to the

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
current version of this legislative proposal, the tax reform should change significantly the taxation of 
financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different 
levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with 
certainty at this stage. The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax 
landscape accurately.   
Investors should be aware that the amendments introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and capital 
gains may increase the taxation on the interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under 
the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
these features: 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether a Paying Agent or otherwise) is the agent 
of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions for example determining the Relevant Swap Rate (in the case of CSM Linked 
Interest Notes) or ISDA Rate (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), that may negatively influence and thereby 
reduce amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) or Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during any period in which there is an actual or perceived 
increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may also be adversely 
impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any early redemption shall be subject to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions 
for call, redemption, repayment and repurchase of Senior Notes). In the case of Subordinated Notes, any 
redemption shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Subordinated Notes). See also "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be 
restricted" and "Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted". 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer were obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)), as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (including any treaty to 
which the Tax Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a ruling by a

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). In such circumstances, an investor 
may find that its investment terminates sooner than expected and may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes, SONIA Linked Interest Notes and Floating Rate Notes linked to a Multiplier 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate, SONIA or a Multiplier 
(the “Relevant Factors”). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Factors are applied to Notes in conjunction with a Multiplier greater than one, or it 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factors on interest 
payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the Relevant Factors may affect the actual yield provided to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the Relevant Factors, the greater the effect on the yield. 
The historical experience of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any CMS Linked Interest Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes linked to a Multiplier. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal 
advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any CMS Linked Interest Notes or Floating Rate Notes 
linked to a Multiplier and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. In addition, the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for the Noteholders. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate may at any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that a Multiplier or a Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Interest Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying 
floating rate will be amplified by the multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely 
affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will 
be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the 
holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest 
periods. In addition, if Floating Rate Notes are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both 
or other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that 
do not include those features. If the Issuer issues Floating Rate Notes, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes  
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset 
Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” or “Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” as applicable). The First Reset 
Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be more or less than the 
Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate 
index “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark also in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorized by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and 
the UK BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would be 
part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments 
and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the 
European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
The elimination of the EURIBOR “benchmark” or the potential elimination of any other “benchmark”, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, could require an adjustment to the terms and 
conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such “benchmark”. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate 
in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Notes referencing a “benchmark”. 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published Original 
Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Reference Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Reference Rate 
determined by an Independent Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment 
Spread. The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment 
Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last used for 
the relevant Notes or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines 
that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form” and the Agency Agreement 
for the Notes in Physical Form are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation 
or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, as provided by Condition 4.3(h).  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference 
rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption an 
alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to 
measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market, 
or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs (also significantly) from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference rate under the 
Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such 
risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, if the Notes become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes 
shall only be determined immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be 
reset thereafter. 
Furthermore, with respect to SONIA linked Notes, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing 
SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA 
linked Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA 
as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based 
rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA. 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes in Physical Form 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law and Condition 16.1 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form provides that contractual and non-contractual 
obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian Law. The Global Notes representing the Notes in Physical Form provide that all contractual 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the 
Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global 
Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global 
Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Notes in Physical Form 
are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to Citibank N.A., London Branch 
as initial Issuing and Paying Agent, being the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and 
delivering the Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and 
delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Notes in Physical Form would be deemed to be issued in England 
according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international 
private law rules) provides that “other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State 
in which the security was issued”. 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws 
applicable to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form and the Global Notes and the laws 
applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Notes in Physical Form and 
any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Notes in Physical 
Form. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples, of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
Where a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time, the holder 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in cases where 
a Regulatory Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with respect to Subordinated 
Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with 
respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In 
Power) or otherwise, the Issuer shall be entitled (without the need for consent of the Noteholders) to modify 
the terms of the Notes of such Series, provided that certain conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions 
are met. Any modification made in accordance with these conditions can also determine a change in the 
governing law and/or in the jurisdiction and service of process provisions, if the Issuer determines that such 
changes are necessary to ensure that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes 
of the MREL Requirements. 
While it is difficult to foresee the exact impact of any such changes, a modification which is required to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power may have a material adverse effect on 
Noteholders’ investment in the Notes. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” and 
“Sustainable Bond”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses. 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance or re-
finance projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (“Green 
Bonds”) and / or that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general interest initiatives 
(“Social Bonds”) and/or a combination of both Green and Social Projects (“Sustainability Bonds”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary and must 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own criteria. In particular, no assurance is given by 
the Issuer or the Dealers that: 
- 
the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds for any Eligible Green Loan and for any 
Eligible Social Loan will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Loans or the relevant 
Eligible Social Loans); 
- 
any Eligible Green Loan or Eligible Social Loan will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “environmental” and/or “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives, or as regards the direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
and/or social impact of such Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans, or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of such 
Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans. In addition, where adverse impacts are 
insufficiently mitigated, the Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans may become 
controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders; 
- 
as regards the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in relation 
to any Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein, as well as the reliability 
of the provider of such opinion or certification who may not be subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification would not constitute, and should

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
not be considered by investors as, a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Green Bonds, the 
Social Bonds or the Sustainability Bonds, as the case may be, and would only be current as of the 
date it is released. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time.  
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in the EU 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 
February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to 
the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission 
adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas 
activities, which is expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the 
European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 
(the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”), which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any 
further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating 
screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological 
progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its 
final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). In the 
context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission 
launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and 
consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 
October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission Work 
Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second 
quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a 
EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green 
bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full transparency on 
the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an 
external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its 
supervision. In February 2023, the European Parliament and the Council reached a political agreement on 
the European Commission’s legislative proposal. The Notes issued, as Green Bonds, under the Programme 
may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of “European Green Bond” 
nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such Green Bonds become eligible for such 
designation. 
The Issuer’s “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds Framework” (for additional information, see “Use of 
Proceeds”) has been published prior to the publication of, inter alia, certain laws, regulations and guidelines 
mentioned above. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social 
Loans financed and/or refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of its Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds will fully align at all times with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and the technical screening criteria established by the 
implementing delegated acts, as and when introduced and applicable from time to time. Any such changes 
could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Loans

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
and/or Eligible Social Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Loans and to any Eligible Social Loans. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds for Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans and any Eligible Social 
Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with 
any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible 
Green Loans and for the specified Eligible Social Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible 
Green Loans or such Eligible Social Loans, will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including any failure to comply with its reporting obligations or to 
obtain any assessment, opinion or certification) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the 
green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the 
relevant Notes, will not: (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event 
of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) or impact any of the 
features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes 
as indicated in the Conditions; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Bail-In Power (or any other provision 
of the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and 
payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets 
towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied.  
Regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility 
criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments (including the application 
of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
of the Group (including the Issuer) and even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain 
conditions are met), the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be available to absorb all losses (whether or 
not related to any “green”, “social” or “sustainable” assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes 
may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the 
Issuer. The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does 
not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject to the 
same risks relating to their level of subordination. 
Any event described above or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes 
for any Eligible Green Loans and for any Eligible Social Loans as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in 
whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of 
any other Notes which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible Green Loans and to finance or refinance 
Eligible Social Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Green Loans, Eligible Social Loans 
or Sustainability Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, 
nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible 
Green Loans, Eligible Social Loans or Sustainability Bonds meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring 
of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s framework available on its website for 
information and should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should be based upon such investigation as 
they deem necessary. 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Regulatory classification of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together, the “Senior Notes”) are intended to 
be eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (as defined in Condition 2 (Definitions)). 
Current regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a 
confirmation prior to the issuance of Senior Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. In addition, as the 
EU Banking Reform has only recently came into force, there may be uncertainty regarding the interpretation 
of the MREL Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or 
remain MREL eligible liabilities.  
If the Senior Notes are not MREL eligible liabilities (or if they initially are MREL eligible liabilities and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements), then a MREL Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 2 (Definitions)) will occur. 
Redemption of the Senior Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding interest. 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer provided that, 
except to the extent that the Relevant Authority does not so require at the time of the proposed redemption, 
the Issuer has given such notice to the Relevant Authority as the Relevant Authority may then require prior 
to such redemption and no objection thereto has been raised by the Relevant Authority or, if required, the 
Relevant Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other requirements of the Relevant Authority 
applicable, if any, to such redemption at the time have been complied with by the Issuer.  
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) is or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements, subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation).

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
If the Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, the price of the Notes may be adversely affected and there can 
be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes.  
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions 
or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the 
relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the conditions that the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of 
the Relevant Authority. 
The Applicable Banking Regulations state that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption 
of the Senior Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event that any of the following 
conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes only 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello in accordance with, and for the purposes of, the rules set forth in Articles 
12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulations which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and also qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. The rules mentioned above were introduced under 
Law No. 2015 of 27 December 2017 on the budget of the Italian Government for 2018 (the “2018 Budget 
Law”), which entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
Current regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a 
confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will qualify as strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 
1-bis, letter c-bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements, there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Should an MREL Disqualification Event occur, the Issuer would have 
the ability to redeem the Notes, which could adversely affect the price of the Notes, and if redeemed there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a 
rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in such Notes should determine the suitability of 
such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire 
amount invested in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. It is possible that, over time, the value of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be lower than that expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the 2018 Budget Law and its entry into force, Italian issuers were not able to issue 
senior non-preferred securities, so there is no trading history for securities of Italian banks with this ranking. 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, 
and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. 
It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to unsecured and unsubordinated 
preferred obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations and will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable Notes which rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a real risk that an investor 
in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer be judged by the 
Relevant Authority to be failing or likely to fail, or insolvent; moreover, the timing of any payment in such 
instances may not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, except where the Issuer is 
subject to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and 
following of the Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) pursuant to Article 
96-quinquies of the Italian Banking Act, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not entitled to accelerate 
the maturity of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, upon issue, may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such 
credit rating may be lower than the Issuer’s credit rating, to reflect the increased risk of loss in the event of 
the Issuer’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more credit 
rating agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price 
volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the 
assessment, by one or more credit rating agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting 
from the modified liability structure following the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Moreover, 
rating organisations may seek to rate any Senior Non-Preferred Notes on an “unsolicited” basis and, if such 
“unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
on a “solicited” basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” as defined in the Italian Banking Act, the Issuer 
will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other unsubordinated 
creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay the 
amounts due under the Subordinated Notes; in addition, the timing of any such payment may not be 
forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer.  
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD II”) in Italy and published on 30 
November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed into the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD 
II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Italian Banking Act. Such provision states that (i) 
if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in 
insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not 
result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would 
cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency. Consequently, the ranking 
of an instrument – previously recognised as own funds item – that is fully disqualified as own funds would 
improve with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item.  
In light of this new provision, if a series of Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds 
items in the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and (b) in 
the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay the 
holders of the relevant series of Subordinated Notes and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, 
whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an own funds instrument, in full 
before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes which are still recognised (at least in 
part) as own funds instruments. See further Condition 3.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment 
should the Issuer become failing or likely to fail, or insolvent. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes – The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed after a 
Regulatory Event 
The intention of the Issuer is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier 2 capital” for so long as 
this is permitted under the laws and regulations on capital adequacy applicable from time to time. Current 
regulatory practice by the Relevant Authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation 
prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that any such Subordinated Notes qualify as “Tier 2 capital”, there 
can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Subordinated Notes or that 
the Subordinated Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement 
regulations. If there is any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers to be 
sufficently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from their classification on 
the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full (or, to the extent permitted 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part) as “Tier 2 capital”, or a reclassification as a lower 
qualify form of Own Funds, the Issuer will (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) have the right to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons), subject to satisfaction of the conditions set out in Condition 6.12 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes), including the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority. During any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in 
the likelihood that the Issuer may exercise such rights to redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may be 
adversely impacted and may not rise above the redemption price. There can be no assurance that holders of

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the 
CRR provides that the Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following 
conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
either of the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax 
treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change 
in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a materially adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the 
Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing 
information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair 
market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
For each issue of Notes, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency 
which is likely to be either euro, U.S. dollar or sterling. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease; (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency;  
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading 
price for the Notes; and 
(iv) 
tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and, where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Financial Statements”), which were 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together with the audit report prepared in connection 
therewith. 
The 
2021 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements 
is 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Consolidated-2021-Annual-Report-post-
assemblea.pdf ; 
(b) 
the English translation of audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Financial Statements”), which were 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together with the audit report prepared in connection 
therewith. 
The 
2022 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements 
is 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Annual-Report_BPM_2022.pdf ; 
(c) 
the English translation of press release issued on 7 February 2023 on the consolidated results of 
Banco BPM as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “7 February 2023 Press 
Release”), which is available at https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/2023_02_07-
Banco-BPM-Group-Results-as-at-31-December-2022.pdf; 
(d) 
the English translation of press release issued on 8 May 2023 on the consolidated results of Banco 
BPM as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (the “8 May 2023 Press Release”), 
which is available at https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/2023_05_08-Banco-BPM-
Group-results-Q1-2023.pdf; 
(e) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” on pages 88-128 of the base 
prospectus relating to the programme dated 31 May 2022 (the “2022 Base Prospectus”), which is 
available at https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BBPM-EMTN-Base-Prospectus-31-
05-2022.pdf ; and 
(f) 
the English translation of articles of association (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for information 
purposes) 
(the 
“Articles 
of 
Association”), 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Statuto-BBPM-ENG_07.04.2022.pdf, 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
(including without limitation the documents listed under (a) to (d) above) shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the principal office in Luxembourg of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch (the 
“Luxembourg Listing Agent”) for the time being in Luxembourg and will also be published on the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange’s 
website 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus can 
be found in the above mentioned documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any other

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
information contained in any of the documents specified below that is not included in the cross-reference 
list below is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.   
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Banco 
BPM 
S.p.A. 
audited 
consolidated 
annual 
financial 
statements as at and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 
Significant Events During the Year 
Consolidated financial statements: 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Consolidated Income statement 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive 
income 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
consolidated 
shareholders’ equity 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Independent 
Auditors’ 
Report 
on 
the 
consolidated financial statements 
28-38 
 
142-143 
144 
145 
 
146-147 
 
148-149 
151-497 
 
503-516* 
 
 
 
Banco 
BPM 
S.p.A. 
audited 
consolidated 
annual 
financial 
statements as at and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 
Significant Events During the Year 
Consolidated financial statements: 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Consolidated Income statement 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive 
income 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
consolidated 
shareholders’ equity 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Independent 
Auditors’ 
Report 
on 
the 
consolidated financial statements 
30-39 
 
146-147 
149 
150 
 
150-151 
 
152-153 
156-547 
 
555-567* 
 
 
 
7 February 2023 Press Release 
Entire document, with the exclusion of the first 
paragraph on page 2 of the 7 February 2023 
Press Release 
1 – 29 
 
 
 
8 May 2023 Press Release 
Entire document, with the exclusion of (i) the 
second and third paragraphs on page 1 and (ii) 
the last paragraph of the section entitled 
“Business Outlook” 
1 - 24 
 
 
 
2022 Base Prospectus 
Terms and conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
88 – 128 
 
 
 
Articles of Association 
Entire document 
1 – 58 
_________________ 
* 
The page numbers identified are those of the complete Consolidated Annual Report of Banco BPM relating to the year ended 
December 2021 and 2022, respectively including, inter alia, the 2021 Annual Financial Statements and the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements, respectively.

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following are the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in physical form (the “Notes in Physical Form”) 
which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form 
of Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
In these “Terms and Conditions”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes in Physical Form and 
references to “Noteholders” (as defined below) shall be to the holders of the Notes in Physical Form only. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of the Notes in Physical Form issued by BANCO BPM 
S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an agency agreement (such agency agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical 
Form”) dated 6 June 2023 made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and paying 
agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent” or the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
issuing and paying agent (as applicable)) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which completes these Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical 
Form (the “Conditions”). References to the “relevant Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The holders for the time being of the Notes shall hereafter be referred to as the “Noteholders”, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below 
and the holders of the Coupons shall hereinafter be referred to as the “Couponholders”, which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates (as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms), Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours by a Noteholder upon reasonable request at the registered office for the time 
being of the Issuing and Paying Agent being at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at, and copies can be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer at Piazza Filippo 
Meda, 4, 20121 Milan, Italy and from BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, 60 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855,

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
Luxembourg and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and the relevant 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form or used in the 
relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest 
Notes, Fixed-Floating Rate Notes, Floating-Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Notes may also be senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred 
notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) or subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes”), depending on the status of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”) and in the denomination or denominations specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a “Specified Denomination”), provided that: 
(a) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 150,000; and  
(b) 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, 
in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and 
“holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether 
a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of notes as aforesaid, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the BRRD, 
the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, 
Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); and standards and guidelines issued by 
the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Bail-In Power” means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or 
suspension power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case 
may be), including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in or 
implementing the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or any 
successor laws, regulations, rules or requirements establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) within the context of 
a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of the Issuer 
(and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) can be reduced, cancelled, transferred,

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into shares or obligations of the 
obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action or otherwise; 
“Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as 
a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 16, 
2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each additional business centre specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (each an “Additional Business Centre”); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than London and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) 
is open; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Capital Instruments Regulations” means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before or 
after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) 
the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of 
the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD IV Package 
(including, without limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Circular No. 285” means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting forth 
the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law);

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of 
five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the office 
of five major banks in the principal relevant financial centre specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Relevant Financial Centre”), in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CRD IV Package” means (i) the CRR and (ii) the CRD IV; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Day Count Fraction” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Interest Determination 
Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360. 
(b) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest 
Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case 
and D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Interest Period. 
“Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package); 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Interest 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Eligible Liabilities” means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are 
consolidated in the Issuer’s calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the first Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Italian Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national 
implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means either (a) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4.2(c), 
either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such 
Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion 
of all or some of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result 
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be) from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
implementing technical standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Own Funds Instruments” means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bank(s)” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro zone interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regulatory Event” means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from 
their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds; 
“Relevant Authority” means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any successor 
or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution Board, the European 
Council, the European Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation; 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism” means the single supervisory mechanism established pursuant 
to the SSM Regulation; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including 
as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package);  
“SSM Regulation” means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 4.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b). 
“Subsidiary” means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 23 
of the Italian Banking Act; 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) (including any treaty to which the Tax 
Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a ruling 
by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes.  
“Tier 1 Capital” means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
“Tier 2 Capital” means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
“Tier 2 Instruments” means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes and the Coupons related 
to them shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, 
including any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following 
the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes 
from time to time, including any obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law or by their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following 
the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify 
as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the 
purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Coupons 
related to them shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, 
any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation required to be 
preferred by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, 
the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital 
or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer),

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-
bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from time to time 
for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines 
implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments 
to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and Part 
II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons related to 
them shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partially, Tier 2 Capital: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes ) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
any obligation required to be preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their entirety as Own Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or 
senior to the Subordinated Notes (including the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer); 
or 
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and any other present or future unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, senior 
to the Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Tier 2 Capital or Own Funds and 
with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to (i) all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, (ii) any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Notes (including Own

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
Funds Instruments), and (iii) all present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, senior or pari passu to the 
Notes. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the 
laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to 
time. 
3.4 
No Negative Pledge  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to the Notes: (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the relevant Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate 
of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or 
more Fixed Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
4.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to the Notes if the Reset Notes Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
(a) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 4.3(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4.1. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be 
less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.2(b) applies to the Notes if the Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches 
the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall, subject as provided in Condition 4.3(h) (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as 
applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent 
Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer.

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes 
This Condition 4.3 applies to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. Condition 4.3(h) will also apply to the Notes if Reset Notes Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as a specified interest payment date in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (a “Specified Interest Payment Date”); or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the specified period in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Period”) after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) 
(the “Interest Period”). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
(i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) 
the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA 
Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms and where “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org); or 
(II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series (collectively, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating Rate Option 
is based on the Euro zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first 
day of that Interest Period or (b) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any circumstances where the ISDA Definitions 
state that the Calculation Agent will be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from 
reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant 
determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion 
shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for Floating 
Rate Notes linked to SONIA or the CMS Rate) 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined,

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
4.3(h) below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the time specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Specified Time”) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
(x) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer); and 
(y) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) (the “Determined Rate”), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero; 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and (ii) the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be: (A) determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of 
Interest applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be)  applicable 
to such first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to the 
CMS Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “CMS Rate” 
is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 
4.3(h):

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least 
three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: (A) determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
(floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first 
Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest 
applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) applicable to such first (floating 
rate) Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 4.3(h). 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the Bank 
of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (B) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA Reference 
Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors).

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day 
“i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), subject to Condition 4.3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may 
be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of 
Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.3(b)(iv): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“LBD” means a Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number 
of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such 
number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” 
Business Days prior to that Business Day “i”. 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five Business Days 
prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of 
the Notes). 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation by reference to two rates: 
(i) 
(where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or (where 
“CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate and notifies to the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and  
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate and notifies to the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (if any) and 
the rate so determined. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. Where the Calculation Agent is not the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of all the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 4.3(h), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent (if the Calculation Agent is not itself 
the Issuing and Paying Agent) and any stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time being

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter (or in the case of such Notes admitted to the official list and traded on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notification shall be given to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Luxembourg Listing Agent on the first day of each Interest Period). Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4.3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series 
of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4.3(h) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than 
three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the “Issuer Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest 
Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4.3(h) during any other future Interest Period(s)). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets;

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 4.3(h): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice 
in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) 
any Reference Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business 
Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant 
Screen Page (all as defined in the Final Terms) applicable to the 
Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate 
of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(II) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 4.3(h) (each such change, together 
with any such change required pursuant to Condition 
4.3(h)(iii)(C)(I) above, a “Benchmark Amendment” and, 
together, the “Benchmark Amendments”); and 
(iv) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to Condition 4.3(h)(iii)(C) to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). Any Benchmark Amendments effected pursuant to

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
Condition 4.3(h)(iii)(C) shall similarly be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with the determination by 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Independent Adviser of the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or in connection with any 
Benchmark Amendment as described in this Condition 4.3(h), including any changes to 
these Conditions and the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.3(h) prior to the 
relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4.3(b). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3(h): (i) no Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes, 
satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital 
for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of 
Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be 
made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority 
treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor 
Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Event, or 
any Benchmark Amendment. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on any determinations made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3(h): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor 
Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as 
applicable, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if it is determined that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that 
no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the 
Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
 “Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes, in each case by a specific date; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from 
time to time, if applicable) for any Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (e), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the 
cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to the operation of this Condition 4.3(h). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue as provided in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used in these Conditions, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the related 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 8 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, CMS Linked Interest Note or Long Maturity Note 
in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a 
Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, 
as the case may be, of such Global Note (if such Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. On the occasion of 
each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Note which is not issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form, a record of such payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent, 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and (ii) 
in the case of any Global Note which is a NGN, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation (if applicable); 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
7 (Taxation).

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including 
each CMS Linked Interest Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the date specified as the maturity date in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Senior Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77(2) and 78a of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),Condition 6.9 (Purchases) and 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes)). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Subordinated Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR being met 
(see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (6.3 Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.9 (Purchases) and Condition 
6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes)).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue Date, 
as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part:  
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note, a 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions)); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or a Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in 
respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any Tax Law Change; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Issuing and Paying Agent and conclusive and binding

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Issuing and Paying Agent is not responsible, nor 
shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required 
by this Condition 6.2 are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any 
certification produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur 
any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment and repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.3 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons  
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If a Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or the 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as referred to in this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.3, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Issuing and Paying Agent and conclusive and binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Issuing and Paying Agent is not responsible, nor 
shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required 
by this Condition 6.3 are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any 
certification produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur 
any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
6.4 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or the 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.4, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
(and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Issuing and Paying Agent and conclusive and binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders). The Issuing and Paying Agent is not responsible, nor 
shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required 
by this Condition 6.4 are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any 
certification produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur 
any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be subject to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes). 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other notice period stated in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if partial redemption is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot on a pro rata basis, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and on a pro rata basis and in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection 
Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or such other notice period stated in the relevant 
Final Terms). The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes 
shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the 
aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned 
nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least 
five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment and repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 6.5 may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period stated in the relevant Final Terms), the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put 
Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or, 
as the case may be, common safekeeper for them to the Issuing and Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if 
this Note is represented by a Global Note which has not been issued in NGN form, at the same 
time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default and enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6. 
6.7 
Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-Up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at least 75 
per cent. or any different percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for 
the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all of the Notes then outstanding on such date fixed for redemption and at par 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event) and Condition 9 (Events of Default and enforcement), each Note 
will be redeemed at its “Early Redemption Amount” calculated by (or on behalf of) the Issuer as 
follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 +AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the reference price as defined in the relevant Final Terms (the “Reference 
Price”);

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
AY 
means the accrual yield, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Accrual 
Yield”), expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase the Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.9 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.9 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Purchases) (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) or Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 
upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.8(c) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.12 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) Condition 6.9 (Purchases) or 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 14) is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including: the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of 
the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
6.13 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes 
This Condition 6.13 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase pursuant to Condition 
6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 
Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investors Put)), Condition 6.7 (Clean-
up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 6.9 (Purchases) or Condition 14 (Meetings 
of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification 
in accordance with Condition 14) is subject, to the extent such Senior Notes qualify at such time 
as Eligible Liabilities Instruments or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 6.4 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance 
with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained 
the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where 
one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) 
and (B) of the preceding paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant 
Authority to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest (in case of Senior Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements only) or the respective amounts of interest only (in case of Senior Notes 
qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements and 
Subordinated Notes) which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder or a beneficial owner of a Note or 
Coupon being a resident in the Republic of Italy or who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
(c) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow the Italian tax authorities to obtain an adequate exchange of 
information in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(d) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) have not been met or 
complied with except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(e) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day); or 
(f) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making, or procuring, a declaration of non.-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; 
(g) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time; or 
(h) 
where it will be required to withhold or deduct any taxes imposed pursuant to or in 
connection with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder any official interpretations thereof or 
any agreements, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto in connection with any payments. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or in either case, any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(j) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
The Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if appropriate, accrued interest thereon if the Issuer is subject to compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the 
Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) pursuant to Article 96-
quinquies of the Italian Banking Act (the “Event of Default”), provided that repayment of the 
Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if so required), and provided further that no payments will be made to the Noteholders

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
or Couponholders before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all other creditors of the Issuer ranking 
ahead of the Noteholders and the Couponholders as described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) 
have been paid by the Issuer, as ascertained by the liquidator. 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the Issuer other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 9.1 shall be available to the holders of the Notes and the 
related Coupons, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the related 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes and the 
related Coupons or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under 
these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Issuing and Paying Agent and a Paying Agent with its specified 
office in a country outside the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in the 
place required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or any other 
relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
Notification of any change in the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or their specified offices 
will be made in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form, the Paying Agents are under 
no fiduciary duty and act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
for the Notes in Physical Form contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules or on the website of such stock exchange. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the related Note or Notes, with the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Paying Agent in Luxembourg. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
by delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as aforesaid. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
14.1 
Meeting of the Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form contains provisions for convening 
meetings, including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
The Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Notes in 
Physical Form which is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
no consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.3(h)(iii)(C). Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter. 
14.2 
Modification of the Notes 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in 
cases where a Regulatory Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with respect 
to Subordinated Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and 
is continuing (with respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to all Notes, in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with Condition 17 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or in accordance with applicable law, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at any time (without the need for consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders) to 
modify either the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and/or the 
terms and conditions of the Notes of such Series, which modification, for the avoidance of doubt, 
in each case shall be treated as being outside the scope of the Reserved Matters, provided that: 
(a) 
such modification is reasonably necessary in the sole opinion of the Issuer to ensure, as 
applicable, that no Regulatory Event, Tax Law Change or MREL Disqualification Event 
would exist thereafter, or that the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or in 
accordance with applicable law is ensured; and 
(b) 
following such modification of the existing Notes (the “Existing Notes”): 
(A) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as so modified (the “Modified 
Notes”), are not materially less favourable to a holder of the Existing 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer and other than in respect 
of the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Power) or in 
accordance with applicable law and any provisions referred to under (e) 
below) than the terms and conditions applicable to the Existing Notes 
prior to such modification; 
(B) 
the Modified Notes shall have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Existing Notes and shall feature the same tenor, principal amount, 
interest rates (including applicable margins), Interest Payment Dates and 
redemption rights as the Existing Notes; 
(C) 
the Modified Notes are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit 
ratings (if any) as were assigned to the Existing Notes immediately prior 
to such modification, provided that such change in rating, if any, shall 
only be relevant for the purposes of this Condition 14.2(b)(C), if related 
specifically to the modification; 
(D) 
the Modified Notes continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange, 
if the Existing Notes were listed immediately prior to such modification; 
(c) 
the modification does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the Existing 
Notes prior to their Maturity Date, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 6.7 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer);

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
(d) 
the Relevant Authority has approved such modification (if such approval is required under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time), 
or has received prior written notice thereof (if such notice is required under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time) and, following 
the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled 
to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; and 
(e) 
any modification made under this Condition 14.2 can also determine a change in the 
governing law provided under Condition 16.1 (Governing law) from Italian law and/or in 
the jurisdiction and service of process provisions set out in Condition 16.2 (Submission to 
jurisdiction), if the Issuer determines that such changes are necessary to ensure that the 
Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirements. 
In connection with any modification made in this Condition 14.2, the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading and of any 
authority that is responsible for the supervision or regulation of such exchange. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified 
by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement for the 
Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with Italian law. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Milan are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and 
accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in the an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons shall be conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
17. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance 
or in the secondary market), acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be bound by and 
consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied 
if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy 
of such notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by 
the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the 
effects on the Notes described in this Condition 17. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to 
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification 
of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant 
provisions under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions for Notes issued in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised 
Notes” or “Notes”). The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Dematerialised Notes shall 
specify terms which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Dematerialised 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon each 
Dematerialised Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the "holder" of a Note or to "Noteholders" (as defined below) 
are to the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book entry form with 
Monte Titoli pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Italian Finance Act (as defined below) and in 
accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation (as defined below). No physical document 
of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to 
operate through Monte Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of the Notes issued by BANCO BPM S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) 
in dematerialised form. The Issuer will also act as paying agent for the Notes (the "Paying Agent") save 
that the issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes in accordance 
with Condition 10 (Paying Agent). References in these Conditions to “Paying Agent” shall mean, for so 
long as the Issuer acts as paying agent for the Notes, the Issuer in its capacity as such, or such other party 
from time to time appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent for the Notes. 
The Final Terms for this Dematerialised Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Final Terms expressed to apply to this Dematerialised Note, which completes these Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes (the “Conditions”). References to the “relevant Final Terms” are 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to this Dematerialised Note. 
The holders for the time being of the Dematerialised Notes shall hereafter be referred to as the 
“Noteholders”, which expression shall, in relation to any Dematerialised Notes, be construed as provided 
below and are to the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book entry 
form with Monte Titoli S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and in 
accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of Notes. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Dematerialised Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Dematerialised Notes together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Dematerialised Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for 
their respective Issue Dates (as set out in the relevant Final Terms), Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders (as 
defeined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Dematerialised Notes and 
thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Dematerialised Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Dematerialised Notes, in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression “Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli 
and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their 
respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Italian Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Dematerialised Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS 
Linked Interest Notes, Fixed-Floating Rate Notes, Floating-Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Dematerialised Notes may also be senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior 
non-preferred notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred 
Notes, the “Senior Notes”) or subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes”), depending on the 
status of the Dematerialised Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Dematerialised Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Specified Currency”) and in the denomination or denominations specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (a “Specified Denomination”), provided that: 
(a) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 150,000; and  
(b) 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least Euro 200,000, 
or, in each case, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Dematerialised Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of the Italian Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint 
Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be to the records for which Monte Titoli acts as depository. Any reference in these Conditions to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the BRRD, 
the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, 
Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); and standards and guidelines issued by 
the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Bail-In Power” means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or 
suspension power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case 
may be), including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in or 
implementing the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or any 
successor laws, regulations, rules or requirements establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) within the context of 
a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of the Issuer 
(and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) can be reduced, cancelled, transferred, 
modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into shares or obligations of the 
obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action or otherwise; 
“Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as 
a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 16, 
2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Milan and each additional business centre specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (each an “Additional Business Centre”); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than Milan and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) 
is open; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Paying Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
“Capital Instruments Regulations” means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before or 
after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) 
the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of 
the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD IV Package 
(including, without limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Circular No. 285” means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting forth 
the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of 
five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the office 
of five major banks in the principal relevant financial centre specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Relevant Financial Centre”), in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation” means the joint regulation issued by Consob 
and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package); 
“CRD IV Package” means (i) the CRR and (ii) the CRD IV; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Day Count Fraction” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Interest Determination

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Interest Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360. 
(b) 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest 
Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1) + (D2 − D1)] 
360 
Where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case 
and D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Interest Period. 
“Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package); 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Interest 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Eligible Liabilities” means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are 
consolidated in the Issuer’s calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the first Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Italian Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Italian Finance Act” means Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national 
implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means either (a) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4.2(c), 
either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such 
Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion 
of all or some of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result 
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be) from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
implementing technical standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Own Funds Instruments” means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bank(s)” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro zone interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regulatory Event” means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from 
their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds; 
“Relevant Authority” means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any successor 
or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution Board, the European 
Council, the European Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation; 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism” means the single supervisory mechanism established pursuant 
to the SSM Regulation; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including 
as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package);  
“SSM Regulation” means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 4.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to Condition 4.2(b). 
“Subsidiary” means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 23 
of the Italian Banking Act; 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) (including any treaty to which the Tax 
Jurisdiction is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a ruling 
by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes.  
“Tier 1 Capital” means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
“Tier 2 Instruments” means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes shall at all times rank (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including any obligations permitted by law 
to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including any 
obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or by 
their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note.

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are 
intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in 
accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, 
any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation required to be 
preferred by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, 
the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital 
or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-
bis) of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from time to time 
for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines 
implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and any interest accruing in respect thereof are direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 
2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the 
CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations). 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
whilst the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partially, Tier 2 Capital: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes, including

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
any obligation required to be preferred by law (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify in their entirety as Own Funds); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or 
senior to the Subordinated Notes (including the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer); 
or 
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer’s Own Funds: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and any other present or future unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, senior 
to the Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Tier 2 Capital or Own Funds and 
with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that have such ranking; and  
(iii) 
senior to (i) all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, (ii) any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Notes (including Own 
Funds Instruments), and (iii) all present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, senior or pari passu to the 
Notes. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the 
laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to 
time. 
3.4 
No Negative Pledge  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to the Notes: (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the relevant Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate 
of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or 
more Fixed Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
4.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to the Notes if the Reset Notes Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 4.3(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4.1. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be 
less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.2(b) applies to the Notes if the Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches 
the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall, subject as provided in Condition 4.3(h) (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as 
applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent 
Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer. 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes 
This Condition 4.3 applies to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. Condition 4.3(h) will also apply to the Notes if Reset Notes Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as a specified interest payment date in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (a “Specified Interest Payment Date”); or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the specified period in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Period”) after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) 
(the “Interest Period”). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
(i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) 
the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA 
Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms and where “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org); or 
(II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series (collectively, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating Rate Option 
is based on the Euro zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first 
day of that Interest Period or (b) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any circumstances where the ISDA Definitions 
state that the Calculation Agent will be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from 
reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant 
determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion 
shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for Floating 
Rate Notes linked to SONIA or the CMS Rate) 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
4.3(h) below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the time specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Specified Time”) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
(x) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer); and 
(y) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(A) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) (the “Determined Rate”), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero; 
(B) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and (ii) the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where “Multiplier” and “Reference Rate Multiplier” each has the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
,

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be: (A) determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of 
Interest applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be)  applicable 
to such first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to the 
CMS Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “CMS Rate” 
is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 
4.3(h): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least 
three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by 
the Issuer) with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: (A) determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
(floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest 
applies) (including applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) applicable to such first (floating 
rate) Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 4.3(h). 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the Bank 
of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (B) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA Reference 
Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day 
“i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), subject to Condition 4.3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may 
be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate of 
Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.3(b)(iv): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“LBD” means a Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number 
of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such 
number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” 
Business Days prior to that Business Day “i”. 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five Business Days 
prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of 
the Notes). 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day).

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation by reference to two rates: 
(i) 
(where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or (where 
“CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “CMS Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate and notifies to the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and  
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate and notifies to the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
The Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (if any) and 
the rate so determined. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of all the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 4.3(h), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, Monte Titoli and any stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter (or in the case of such Notes admitted to the official list and traded on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notification shall be given to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Luxembourg Listing Agent on the first day of each Interest Period). Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4.3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence 
of aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Paying Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series 
of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4.3(h) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than 
three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the “Issuer Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest 
Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4.3(h) during any other future Interest Period(s)). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 4.3(h): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3(h)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice 
in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) 
any Reference Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business 
Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant 
Screen Page (all as defined in the Final Terms) applicable to the 
Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(II) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 4.3(h) (each such change, together 
with any such change required pursuant to Condition 
4.3(h)(iii)(C)(I) above, a “Benchmark Amendment” and, 
together, the “Benchmark Amendments”); and 
(iv) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to Condition 4.3(h)(iii)(C) to the Paying Agent and, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). Any Benchmark Amendments effected pursuant to 
Condition 4.3(h)(iii)(C) shall similarly be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with the determination by 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Independent Adviser of the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or in connection with any 
Benchmark Amendment as described in this Condition 4.3(h), including any changes to 
these Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.3(h) prior to the 
relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4.3(b). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3(h): (i) no Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes, 
satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital 
for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of 
Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be 
made pursuant to this Condition 4.3(h), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority 
treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor 
Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Event, or 
any Benchmark Amendment. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on any determinations made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3(h): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor 
Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as 
applicable, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if it is determined that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that 
no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the 
Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of 
notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the 
relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as such 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is 
most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes, in each case by a specific date; or

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
(f) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from 
time to time, if applicable) for any Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (e), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the 
cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to the operation of this Condition 4.3(h). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in these Conditions. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in Euro will be made by Monte Titoli crediting the Euro accounts of the relevant 
intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli’s records.

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Payment to Noteholders  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, according 
to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account 
Holders (as defined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Dematerialised Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts 
of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, payments to Monte Titoli or to its order shall to the extent of amounts 
so paid constitute the discharge of the Issuer of its liabilities under the Notes. 
5.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
5.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment 
Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which (subject to Condition 8 
(Prescription) Monte Titoli is open for business; and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in Euro), on which the T2 is open. 
5.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Dematerialised Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Dematerialised Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Dematerialised Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
7 (Taxation).

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including 
each CMS Linked Interest Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the date specified as the maturity date in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Senior Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77(2) and 78a of the CRR being 
met (see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.9 (Purchases) and 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes)). 
The Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the Subordinated Notes only in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR being met 
(see Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (6.3 Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 6.9 (Purchases) and Condition 
6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes)).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue Date, 
as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part:  
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note, a 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions)); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or a Floating-Fixed Rate Note (in 
respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any Tax Law Change; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it 
(a “Tax Event”). 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, by means of a certificate signed by two duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders (and such evidence shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders).  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment and repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 shall be subject 
to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.3 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons  
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If a Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event any Series of Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or the 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as referred to in this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.3, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3, by means of a certificate signed by two duly 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders (and such evidence 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders).  
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
6.4 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(a) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) nor the Floating-Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions, the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the 
Interest Period calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) or the 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions (in respect of the Interest Period calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions) are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.4, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
The Issuer shall evidence the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, by means of a certificate signed by two duly 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders (and such evidence 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders).  
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be subject to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes). 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other notice period stated in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if partial redemption is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually by 
lot or in accordance with the rules of Monte Titoli, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption (the "Redemption Date").  Noteholders that hold a Redeemed Note will 
be informed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to 
the Redemption Date. In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.5

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
shall be subject to Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment and 
repurchase of Senior Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 6.5 may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 6.5 shall be subject to Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of 
any Dematerialised Note giving to the Issuer a signed notice of exercise (a “Put Notice”) and in 
which the holder has specified a bank account to which payment is to be made, in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period 
stated in the relevant Final Terms), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such Put Notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, such 
Dematerialised Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Dematerialised Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall 
be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Dematerialised Notes have become due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default and enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6. 
6.7 
Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-Up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at least 75 
per cent. or any different percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for 
the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which notices 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all of the Notes then 
outstanding on such date fixed for redemption and at par together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of redemption. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event) and Condition 9 (Events of Default and enforcement), each Note 
will be redeemed at its “Early Redemption Amount” calculated by (or on behalf of) the Issuer as 
follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof;

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 +AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the reference price as defined in the relevant Final Terms (the “Reference 
Price”); 
AY 
means the accrual yield, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Accrual 
Yield”), expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase the Dematerialised Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Dematerialised Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, cancelled. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.9 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any purchase pursuant to this Condition 6.9 shall be subject to 
Condition 6.12 (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Dematerialised Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Dematerialised 
Notes so cancelled and any Dematerialised Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 
6.9 (Purchases) cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons), Condition 6.4 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) or Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 
upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.8(c) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date on which all amounts due 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
6.12 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) Condition 6.9 (Purchases) or 
Condition 12 (Meeting of the Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 12) is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of 
the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes.

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
6.13 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes 
This Condition 6.13 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In the case of Senior Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase pursuant to Condition 
6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 
Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investors Put)), Condition 6.7 (Clean-
up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 6.9 (Purchases) or Condition 12 (Meeting of 
the Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification in accordance with Condition 12) is subject, to the extent such Senior Notes qualify 
at such time as Eligible Liabilities Instruments or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 
6.4 (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance 
with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained 
the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where 
one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) 
and (B) of the preceding paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant 
Authority to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
7. 
TAXATION  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest (in case of Senior Notes 
not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only) or 
the respective amounts of interest only (in case of Senior Notes qualifying at such time as liabilities 
that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements and Subordinated Notes) which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
requested for payment in the Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
(b) 
requested for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder or a beneficial owner of a Note being 
a resident in the Republic of Italy or who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow the Italian tax authorities to obtain an adequate exchange of 
information in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(d) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) have not been met or 
complied with except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(e) 
requested for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on requesting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day); or 
(f) 
requested for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making, or procuring, a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; 
(g) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time; or 
(h) 
where it will be required to withhold or deduct any taxes imposed pursuant to or in 
connection with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder any official interpretations thereof or 
any agreements, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto in connection with any payments. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or in either case, any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(j) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal of the Dematerialised Notes will be prescribed and will become void within a 
period of 10 (ten) years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
Claims for interest of the Dematerialised Notes will be prescribed and will become void within a 
period of 5 (five) years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor.  
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
The Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if appropriate, accrued interest thereon if the Issuer is subject to compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the 
Italian Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) pursuant to Article 96-
quinquies of the Italian Banking Act (the “Event of Default”), provided that repayment of the 
Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if so required), and provided further that no payments will be made to the Noteholders

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all other creditors of the Issuer ranking ahead of the 
Noteholders as described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) have been paid by the Issuer, as 
ascertained by the liquidator. 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the Issuer other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 9.1 shall be available to the holders of the Notes, whether 
for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer 
of any of its obligations under the Notes or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under 
these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The initial Paying Agent is the Issuer.  
The Issuer is entitled to appoint another person to act as Paying Agent, or vary or terminate the 
appointment of any paying agent appointed under the terms of an agency agreement and/or appoint 
additional or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any paying agent acts, provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent for the Notes. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Any notice regarding the Dematerialised Notes, as long as the Dematerialised Notes are held 
through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given through the systems of Monte 
Titoli, and, as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
(www.luxse.com). It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Dematerialised Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the related Note or Notes, with the Issuer. 
12. 
MEETING OF THE NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
12.1 
Meeting of the Noteholders 
The provisions for meetings of noteholders attached to these Conditions as Annex 1 (the 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) contains provisions for convening meetings, including 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes.  
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and 
shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
12.2 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, carry out any modification of the 
Dematerialised Notes which is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders; or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
Benchmark Amendment as described in Condition 4.3(h)(III)(C). Any such modification shall be

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
12.3 
Modification of the Notes 
If a Modification of the Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) in 
cases where a Regulatory Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and is continuing (with respect 
to Subordinated Notes), or a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Law Change has occurred and 
is continuing (with respect to Senior Notes), and/or (ii) with respect to all Notes, in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in accordance with applicable law, the 
Issuer shall be entitled, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time  
(without the need for consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders) to modify the provisions of 
the terms and conditions of the Notes of such Series, provided that: 
(a) 
such modification is reasonably necessary in the sole opinion of the Issuer to ensure, as 
applicable, that no Regulatory Event, Tax Law Change or MREL Disqualification Event 
would exist thereafter, or that the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power in 
accordance with applicable law is ensured; 
(b) 
following such modification of the existing Notes (the “Existing Notes”): 
(A) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as so modified (the “Modified 
Notes”), are not materially less favourable to a holder of the Existing 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer and other than in respect 
of the effectiveness and enforceability of the Bail-In Power) or in 
accordance with applicable law and any provisions referred to under (e) 
below) than the terms and conditions applicable to the Existing Notes 
prior to such modification; 
(B) 
the Modified Notes shall have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Existing Notes and shall feature the same tenor, principal amount, 
interest rates (including applicable margins), Interest Payment Dates and 
redemption rights as the Existing Notes; 
(C) 
the Modified Notes are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit 
ratings (if any) as were assigned to the Existing Notes immediately prior 
to such modification, provided that such change in rating, if any, shall 
only be relevant for the purposes of this Condition 12.3(b)(C), if related 
specifically to the modification; 
(D) 
the Modified Notes continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange, 
if the Existing Notes were listed immediately prior to such modification; 
(c) 
the modification does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the Existing 
Notes prior to their Maturity Date, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) and Condition 6.7 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Relevant Authority has approved such modification (if such approval is required under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time), 
or has received prior written notice thereof (if such notice is required under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations or the MREL Requirements applicable at that time) and, following 
the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled 
to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; and 
(e) 
any modification made under this Condition 12.3 can also determine a change in the 
governing law provided under Condition 14.1 (Governing law) from Italian law and/or in 
the jurisdiction and service of process provisions set out in Condition 14.2 (Submission to 
jurisdiction), if the Issuer determines that such changes are necessary to ensure that the 
Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirements.

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
In connection with any modification made in this Condition 12.3, the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading and of any 
authority that is responsible for the supervision or regulation of such exchange. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
14.1 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
Italian law. 
14.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, that the courts of Milan are to 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) and accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in the an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes shall be 
conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
15. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance 
or in the secondary market), acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be bound by and 
consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions;

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied 
if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy 
of such notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by 
the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the 
effects on the Notes described in this Condition 15. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to 
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification 
of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant 
provisions under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The following provisions (the “Provisions”) will apply to the meetings of the holders of the 
Dematerialised Notes and will remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of 
the Dematerialised Notes to which the Provisions apply. 
The Provisions are subject to any mandatory provisions of Italian law.  
(a) 
As used in this schedule the following expressions shall have the following meanings 
unless the context otherwise requires: 
(i) 
"voting certificate" shall mean a certificate issued by the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in which it 
is stated: 
(A) 
that on the date thereof, Notes will be blocked in an account with the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released until the 
first to occur of: 
(1) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, 
if later, of any adjourned such meeting; and 
(2) 
the surrender of the certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder and the notification of the release thereof to 
the Issuer; and 
(B) 
that the bearer thereof is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and 
any adjourned such meeting in respect of the Notes represented by such 
certificate; 
(ii) 
"block voting instruction" shall mean a document issued by a Noteholder 
through the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder) and delivered to the Issuer 
in which: 
(A) 
it is certified that Notes are blocked in an account with the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder and that no such Notes will cease to be 
so blocked until the first to occur of: 
(1) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, 
if later, of any adjourned such meeting; and 
(2) 
the surrender to the Issuer not less than 48 hours before the 
time for which such meeting or any adjourned such meeting 
is convened of the voting certificate; 
(B) 
it is certified that each holder of such Notes or a duly authorised agent 
on his behalf has instructed that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or 
Notes so blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the 
resolution or resolutions to be put to such meeting or any adjourned 
such meeting and that all such instructions are during the period 
commencing 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or any 
adjourned such meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or 
adjournment thereof neither revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(C) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so blocked are listed 
distinguishing with regard to each such resolution between those in 
respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution and

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
those in respect of which instructions have been so given that the votes 
attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution; and 
(D) 
one or more persons named in such document (each hereinafter called 
a "proxy") is or are authorised and instructed by the Noteholder to cast 
the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the 
instructions referred to in (c) above as set out in such document; 
(iii) 
"24 hours" shall mean a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon 
which banks are open for business in the place where the relevant meeting is to 
be held and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent 
necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or 
part of a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
(iv) 
"48 hours" shall mean a period of 48 hours including all or part of two days 
upon which banks are open for business in the place where the relevant meeting 
is to be held and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent 
necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or 
part of two days upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid. 
(b) 
a holder of a Note may obtain a voting certificate in respect of such Note from a relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or issue a block voting instruction (through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder) in respect of such Note, in each case not less than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant meeting and on the terms set out above. The holder 
of any voting certificate or the proxies named in any block voting instruction shall for all 
purposes in connection with the relevant meeting or adjourned meeting of Noteholders 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such voting certificate or block voting 
instruction relates. 
2. 
The Issuer may at any time - and shall upon a requisition in writing by the holders of not less than 
10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding - convene a meeting 
of the Noteholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a 
meeting the same may be convened by the relevant Noteholders. Each meeting may be held also 
by linking various venues in different locations by audio/video conferencing facilities, subject to 
the following conditions: 
- 
the Chairman is able to be certain as to the identity of those taking part, control how the 
meeting proceeds, and determine and announce the results of voting; and 
- 
those taking part are able to participate in discussions and voting on the items on the agenda 
simultaneously, as well as to view, receive, and transmit documents. 
The meeting held by audio/video conferencing will be deemed to have taken place at the venue at 
which the Chairman is present. 
3. 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and the day on which 
the meeting is to be held) specifying the place, day and hour of meeting (as well as, if necessary, 
venues connected by audio or video conferencing that may be used by those involved) shall be 
given to the holders of the relevant Notes prior to any meeting of such holders in the manner 
provided by Condition 11 (Notices). Such notice shall state generally the nature of the business to 
be transacted at the meeting thereby convened but (except for an extraordinary resolution) it shall 
not be necessary to specify in such notice the terms of any resolution to be proposed. Such notice 
shall include statements, if applicable, to the effect that Notes will, not less than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the meeting, be blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder for the purpose of obtaining voting certificates or appointing proxies. A copy of the notice 
shall be sent by post to the Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
4. 
A person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated by the Issuer shall be entitled to take 
the chair at the relevant meeting or adjourned meeting but if no such nomination is made or if at 
any meeting or adjourned meeting the person nominated shall not be present within 15 minutes

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
after the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting, the Noteholders present 
shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. 
The chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was chairman of the meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
5. 
At any such meeting two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being 
proxies and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-tenth of the nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an 
extraordinary resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other 
than the choosing of a chairman) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the requisite quorum 
be present at the commencement of the relevant business. 
6. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an extraordinary resolution shall (subject as provided 
below) be two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies and 
holding or representing in the aggregate a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which includes any of the 
following matters (each, a "reserved matter") (each of which shall, subject only to Condition 12 
(Meeting of Noteholders, modification and waiver), only be capable of being effected after having 
been approved by extraordinary resolution) namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification 
(except where such modification is in the opinion of the Issuer bound to result in an 
increase in the amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes) of the method of 
calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, provided however, for the avoidance of doubt, that a 
benchmark amendment (as defined in the conditions) shall not constitute a reserved 
matter; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an extraordinary resolution; 
(d) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal as is described below; and 
(e) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to paragraph 7 below; 
the quorum shall be two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being 
proxies and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any such meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) 
for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, 
be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to such day and such time and place as 
indicated in the original notice to Noteholders of the initial meeting, or if not so indicated, it shall 
stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more than 42 clear days from 
the date of the initial meeting, and to such place as may be appointed by the chairman either at or 
subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Issuer and indicated in the notice convening the 
adjourned meeting. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present, the chairman may either (with the approval of the Issuer) 
dissolve such meeting or shall adjourn the same to such day and such time and place as indicated 
in the original notice to Noteholders of the initial meeting, or if not so indicated, it shall stand 
adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of 
clear days), and to such place as may be appointed by the chairman either at or subsequent to such

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
adjourned meeting and approved by the Issuer and indicated in the notice convening the adjourned 
meeting, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned such meetings. 
7. 
At any adjourned meeting, two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or 
being proxies (whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall 
(subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall have power to pass any extraordinary 
resolution other than one on a reserved matter or other resolution and to decide upon all matters 
which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the adjournment took place 
had the requisite quorum been present provided that at any adjourned meeting the quorum for the 
transaction of business comprising any reserved matter shall be two or more persons present 
holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies and holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than one-third of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an extraordinary resolution is to be submitted shall be 
given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but with at least 10 days’ notice and 
pursuant to paragraph 3 above for the rest, and such notice shall state the relevant quorum. Subject 
as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
9. 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands 
and in case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a 
casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled as a Noteholder 
or as a holder of a voting certificate or as a proxy or as a representative. 
10. 
At any meeting unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) 
demanded by the chairman, the issuer or any person present holding a Note of the relevant series 
or a voting certificate or being a proxy (whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented by him) a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has been carried or carried by 
a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of 
the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against 
such resolution. 
11. 
Subject to paragraph 13 below, if at any such meeting a poll is so demanded it shall be taken in 
such manner and subject as hereinafter provided either at once or after an adjournment as the 
chairman directs and the result of such poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at 
which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business other than the motion 
on which the poll has been demanded. 
12. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any such meeting adjourn the 
same from time to time and from place to place but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned 
meeting except business which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) have been 
transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
13. 
Any poll demanded at any such meeting on the election of a chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
14. 
Any director, officer or employee of the Issuer and its lawyers and any other person authorised so 
to do by the Issuer may attend and speak at any meeting. Save as aforesaid, no person shall be 
entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of Noteholders 
or join with others in requesting the convening of such a meeting or to exercise the rights conferred 
on Noteholders by Condition 9 (Events of default) and Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver) unless he either produces the Note of which he is the holder or a voting 
certificate or is a proxy. No person shall be entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes held 
by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, the Issuer, any subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer 
or any subsidiary of any such holding company. Nothing herein shall prevent any of the proxies 
named in any block voting instruction or form of proxy from being a director, officer or 
representative of or otherwise connected with the Issuer.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
 
15. 
Subject as provided in paragraph 14 hereof at any meeting: 
(a) 
on a show of hands every person who is present in person and produces a Note or voting 
certificate or is a proxy shall have one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each euro 1 or 
such other amount as the issuer may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of 
meetings of holders of Notes denominated in another currency, such amount in such other 
currency as the Issuer in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in nominal amount of the 
Notes so produced or represented by the voting certificate so produced or in respect of 
which he is a proxy. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies named in any block voting instruction or form 
of proxy any person entitled to more than one vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes 
to which he is entitled in the same way. 
16. 
The proxies named in any block voting instruction or form of proxy need not be Noteholders. 
17. 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited by the relevant Noteholder at such place as the 
Issuer shall approve not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or 
adjourned meeting at which the proxies named in the block voting instruction propose to vote and 
in default the block voting instruction shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the 
meeting decides otherwise before such meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to business. A 
notarially certified copy of each block voting instruction shall (if so requested by, and at the 
expense of, the Issuer) be deposited with the Issuer before the commencement of the meeting or 
adjourned meeting and satisfactory proof of the identity of each proxy named in the block voting 
instruction shall be produced at the meeting or adjourned meeting, but the Issuer shall not thereby 
be obliged to investigate or be concerned with the validity of or the authority of the proxies named 
in any such block voting instruction. 
18. 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a block voting instruction shall be valid 
notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the block voting instruction of any of 
the relevant noteholders' instructions pursuant to which it was executed provided that no intimation 
in writing of such revocation or amendment shall have been received by the Issuer at its registered 
office (or such other place as may have been required or approved by the Issuer for the purpose) 
by the time being 24 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting 
at which the block voting instruction is to be used. 
19. 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers hereinbefore given have the following 
powers exercisable only by extraordinary resolution (subject to the provisions relating to quorum 
contained in paragraphs 6 and 7 above) namely: 
(a) 
power to sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer, any appointee and the Noteholders or any of them. 
(b) 
power to sanction any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect 
of the rights of any appointee and the Noteholders, against the Issuer or against any other 
or others of them or against any of their property whether such rights shall arise under 
these presents or otherwise. 
(c) 
power to assent to any modification of these Provisions which shall be proposed by the 
Issuer or any Noteholder. 
(d) 
power to give any authority or sanction which under these Provisions is required to be 
given by extraordinary resolution. 
(e) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees 
to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon such committee or 
committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise 
by extraordinary resolution.

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
 
(f) 
power to approve of a person to be appointed an agent and power to remove any agent or 
agents for the time being. 
(g) 
power to sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for or the 
conversion of the Notes into or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities 
of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in 
consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of such shares, stock, notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as aforesaid 
and partly for or into or in consideration of cash. 
20. 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
these Provisions shall be binding upon all the Noteholders whether present or not present at such 
meeting and whether or not voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect thereto 
accordingly and the passing of any such resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the 
circumstances justify the passing thereof. Notice of the result of the voting on any resolution duly 
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) by 
the issuer within 14 days of such result being known provided that the non-publication of such 
notice shall not invalidate such result. 
21. 
the expression "extraordinary resolution" when used in these Provisions means (a) a resolution 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with these presents 
by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show 
of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, 
which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
22. 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting of the Noteholders shall be made and 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any such 
minutes as aforesaid if purporting to be signed by the chairman of the meeting at which such 
resolutions were passed or proceedings transacted shall be conclusive evidence of the matters 
therein contained and until the contrary is proved every such meeting in respect of the proceedings 
of which minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings transacted thereat to have been duly passed or transacted. 
23. 
The issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, modify the Notes, provided that such 
modification is: (a) in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
or (b) of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
24. 
If the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Notes which are not denominated in Euro in 
the case of any meeting of holders of Notes of more than one currency, the principal amount of 
such notes shall (i) for the purposes of paragraph 2 above be the equivalent in Euro at the spot rate 
of a bank nominated by the Issuer for the conversion of the relevant currency or currencies into 
Euro on the seventh dealing day prior to the day on which the requisition in writing is received by 
the Issuer and (ii) for the purposes of paragraphs 6, 7 and 15 above (whether in respect of the 
meeting or any adjourned such meeting or any poll resulting therefrom) be the equivalent at such 
spot rate on the seventh dealing day prior to the day of such meeting. In such circumstances, on 
any poll each person present shall have one vote for each euro 1 in nominal amount of the Notes 
(converted as above) which he holds or represents.

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes in Physical Form 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Permanent Global 
Note (a “Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of 
the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons (“Coupons”) and talons (“Talons”) 
attached (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For 
these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent.

--- Page 144 ---
136 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 days and 
on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement of the Notes in Physical Form (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes in Physical Form”), the Issuer procures that the Issuing and Paying Agent shall arrange that, 
where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche 
of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different 
from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Physical Form, 
where any note is represented by a Global Note, “Payment Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day on which the T2 System is open and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) additional financial centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) additional financial centre. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Dematerialised Notes  
Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. 
However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-
quinquies and 83-sexies of the Consolidated Finance Act.

--- Page 145 ---
137 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which the Issuer expects will be completed for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)] [MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
 
markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BANCO BPM S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy with its registered 
office in Milan; number 09722490969 in the Register of Companies) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600E4E6DCD2D25E30 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes in Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 June 2023 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] is available for viewing at, 
and copies of it may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer, Piazza Filippo Meda, 4, 20121 
Milan and from BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, 60 Avenue J.F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg and will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the website of the 
Issuer (https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing the final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes must have a denomination of at least €200,000 
– or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are denominated in 
a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency.) 
1. 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●]

--- Page 147 ---
139 
 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to be 
on or about [●]].] 
 
[(d) 
Trade Date:] 
[●] 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
(Condition 1) 
[Euro (“EUR”)] [●] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
[●]] 
 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●]] 
(insert date if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(Condition 1) 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and 
Subordinated Notes must have a denomination 
of at least €200,000 (or, where the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, are denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other Specified Currency)) 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted 
to trading on an European Economic Area 
exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation the 
€100,000 minimum denomination is not 
required.) 
 
 
(Note — where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above €199,000 or below 
€100,000.”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
specified Denomination, insert the highest

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
 
common factor. Note: there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 2) 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for example 
Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
(Condition 6.1) 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the 
Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) (i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of twelve months and (ii) 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [from [●] to [●], then 
[●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]]] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
(Condition 4) 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[12/13/14/15/16/17] below) 
9. 
 
Change of Interest Basis or Change of 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify details of the relevant 
basis change (and in the case of a change of 
Interest Basis the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies)) 
10. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
(Condition 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6 or 6.7) 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[18/19/20/21/22] below)]

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 
 
11. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes:  
(Condition 3.2 and 3.3) 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] / Not Applicable  
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
(Condition 4.1) 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/specify 
other] in arrear] [specify other in case of 
different Rates of Interest in respect of 
different Fixed Interest Periods] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 4.1) 
[●] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as 
being applicable in respect of different Fixed 
Interest Periods) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2) 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360  
30/360 
360/360  
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 150 ---
142 
 
 
 
(Condition 2) 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are 
not of equal duration) 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 4.2) 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
(Condition 2) 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
(Condition 2) 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 4.2) 
[●] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as 
being applicable in respect of different Fixed 
Interest Periods) 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(j) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]

--- Page 151 ---
143 
 
 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360  
30/360 
360/360  
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(q) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[Issuer]/[●] 
14. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [●]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
(Condition 4.3) 
[●] 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
(Condition 2) 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Condition 2) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
(Condition 2) 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
(Condition 2) 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(Condition 4) 
 
 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and 
[●]

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
 
Interest Amount (if not the Issuing 
and Paying Agent): 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(Condition 4) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[[EURIBOR]/[CMS Rate]/[SONIA]] 
 
In the case of CMS Rate: 
 
 
- 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
- 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
- 
Calculation Agent / 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is Euro):[Second day on 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference 
Currency 
is 
other 
than 
Euro):[Second [specify type of day] prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
first day of Interest Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling and second business day 
in the Relevant Financial Centre prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro) 
 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(In the case of a CMS Rate): [ICESWAP2]/[●] 
 
(Condition 4) 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
(vii) 
p: 
(Only applicable to SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes) 
[●] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
(Condition 4) 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR or CMS Rate based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
 
(v) 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Fixing Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Additional terms relating 
to the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
(Condition 2) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(p) 
Linear Interpolation: 
(Condition 4) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each long or short 
interest period)] 
 
15. 
 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) ending on (but 
excluding) [●], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph 13 above.]

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
 
16. 
 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 12 
above.] 
17. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(Condition 6.8) 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(Condition 6.8) 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Condition 6.8 applies] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise 
permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier 
than five years after the Issue Date) 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
Partial redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this subparagraph) 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different 
from 
those 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
 
systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) 
19. 
 
Regulatory Call: 
[Condition 6.3 is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.3) 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes) 
20. 
 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Condition 6.4 is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.4) 
(Only applicable for Senior Notes) 
21. 
 
Clean-Up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.7) 
 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
22. 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.6) 
(Not applicable for Subordinated Notes. If not 
applicable for Senior Notes, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different 
from 
those 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) 
23. 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The Final Redemption Amount will 
always be equal to at least 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes. In 
relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed at paragraph 5 above to have a 
minimum 
denomination 
and 
tradeable 
amounts above such minimum denomination 
which are smaller than it the following 
wording should be added: “For the avoidance 
of doubt, in the case of a holding of Notes in 
an integral multiple of [●] in excess of [●] as 
envisaged in paragraph 5 above, such holding 
will be redeemed at its nominal amount.”)

--- Page 156 ---
148 
 
 
24. 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation, regulatory reasons, 
MREL Disqualification Event or on event 
of default: 
(Condition 6.8) 
[Not Applicable (if Early Redemption Amount 
is the principal amount of the Notes)/ specify 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
 
Modification of the Notes: 
[(Condition 14.2 of the Notes in Physical 
Form) / (Condition 12.2 of the 
Dematerialised Notes)] 
[Condition 
[14.2/12.2] 
applies/Not 
Applicable]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]* 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]* 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]* 
 
 
(*The exchange upon notice options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: “€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000.” Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on 
behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders] 
27. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
28. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
(Condition 5) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which item 13(d) relates) 
29. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 
Coupons need to be attached to each Definitive 
Note. On and after the Interest Payment Date 
on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in

--- Page 157 ---
149 
 
 
the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet. Each 
Talon shall be deemed to mature in the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet 
matures.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ [(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of BANCO BPM S.p.A.: 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 158 ---
150 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market (for example the Bourse de Luxembourg) 
and, if relevant, admission to an official list] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market (for example the Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and, if relevant, admission to an official list] 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[DBRS: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and [is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk 
as 
being 
registered]/[has 
applied 
for 
registration although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority]/[is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration] under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is not established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA [but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies

--- Page 159 ---
151 
 
 
published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http:// 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [but is certified] / [and is 
not certified under nor is the rating it has given to the Notes 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom and registered] under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(Insert the following with respect to UK CRA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] / 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes unless such rating is 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar 
restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless (1) such 
rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] -Amend as appropriate if there are other interests 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Use of the proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
used for its general funding purposes and to improve the 
regulatory capital structure of Banco BPM] / [An 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible 
Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (as defined in 
the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” of the Base 
Prospectus)] / [●]  
[Further details on Eligible Green Loans and Eligible 
Social Loans are included in the [Issuer [Green/Social] 
Bond Framework], made available on the Issuer's 
website in the investor relations sections at [●]] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes, SONIA Linked Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes Only 
– HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/ 
CMS/SONIA/[●]] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply 
[Note: this 
wording applies only in respect of benchmark 
administrators located outside the EU since 31 
December 2021]], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or,

--- Page 161 ---
153 
 
 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii)        [CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
(iv)        [FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. or 
Monte Titoli and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give names(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] /  
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]

--- Page 162 ---
154 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
 
(B) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and addresses] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA 
D]/[TEFRA 
Not 
applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 163 ---
155 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche will be used by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
a) 
for general funding purposes and to improve the regulatory capital structure of Banco BPM; or 
b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans (as 
defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles (“GBP”), only Tranches financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans will be 
denominated “Green Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (“SBP”), only Tranches 
financing or refinancing Eligible Social Loans will be denominated “Social Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing a combination of Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans will be 
denominated “Sustainability Bonds”. 
“Eligible Green Loans” means loans identified as such in the Issuer’s “Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bonds 
Framework”, 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/sustainability/green-social-sustainability-bonds-framework/), as may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche. 
“Eligible Social Loans” means loans identified as such in the Issuer’s “Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bonds 
Framework”, 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/sustainability/green-social-sustainability-bonds-framework/), as may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche. 
For avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds Framework”, as well as any 
amendment, supplement or replacement thereto, as well as the information on the websites does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 164 ---
156 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Group has been derived from, and should 
be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Financial Statements”), which were audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.;  
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Financial Statements”), which were audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.;  
(c) 
the press release issued on 7 February 2023 on the consolidated results of Banco BPM as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “7 February 2023 Press Release”); and 
(d) 
the press release issued on 8 May 2023 on the consolidated results of Banco BPM as at and for the 
three months ended 31 March 2023 (the “8 May 2023 Press Release”), 
that are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, copies of the above-mentioned consolidated financial 
statements and press releases will be made available during normal business hours at the registered office 
of the Issuer, in each case free of charge. 
The statistical information presented in the following tables have been extracted from the Group report on 
operations included in the Issuer’s consolidated 2022 annual report. Such information has not been audited. 
Group financial highlights 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Reclassified income statement figures 
 
 
Financial margin 
2,471.9 
2,273.6 
Net fee and commission income  
1,887.3 
1,911.2 
Operating income  
4,705.5 
4,510.7 
Operating expenses 
(2,539.4) 
(2,515.8) 
Profit (loss) from operations 
2,166.1 
1,995.0 
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
1,311.5 
921.0 
Parent Company’s net profit (loss) for the year 
702.6 
569.1 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Balance sheet figures 
 
 
Total assets 
189,685.9 
200,489.2 
Loans to customers (net) 
109,455.0 
109,383.4 
Financial assets and hedging derivatives 
43,093.5 
36,326.4 
Group shareholders’ equity 
12,769.6 
13,095.0 
Customers’ financial assets 
 
 
Direct funding 
120,639.1 
120,213.0 
Indirect funding 
95,029.1 
102,187.9 
  - Asset management 
59,408.7 
65,347.9 
       - Mutual funds and SICAVs 
39,916.6 
45,762.8 
       - Securities and fund management 
3,969.4 
4,135.1 
       - Insurance policies 
15,522.7 
15,449.9 
  - Administered assets 
35,620.4 
36,840.1 
  - Administered assets without protected capital certificates 
31,919.1 
33,719.4 
Information on the organisation 
 
 
Average number of employees and other staff (*) 
19,278 
19,949

--- Page 165 ---
157 
 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Number of bank branches  
1,504 
1,508 
(*) Weighted average of full-time equivalent personnel calculated on a monthly basis. This does not include the Directors and 
Statutory Auditors of Group Companies. 
Financial and economic ratios and other Group figures 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Alternative performance measures 
 
 
Profitability ratios (expressed in percentages) 
 
 
Return on equity (ROE) (1) 
6.58% 
4.98% 
Return on tangible equity (ROTE) (2) 
7.39% 
5.50% 
Return on assets (ROA) (3) 
0.37% 
0.28% 
Financial margin / Operating income 
52.53% 
50.40% 
Net fee and commission income / Operating income 
40.11% 
42.37% 
Operating expenses / Operating income 
53.97% 
55.77% 
Operational productivity figures (expressed in thousands of euro) 
 
 
Loans to customers (net) per employee (4) 
5,677.6 
5,483.1 
Operating income per employee (4) 
244.1 
226.1 
Operating expenses per employee (4) 
131.7 
126.1 
Credit risk ratios (expressed in percentages) 
 
 
Net bad loans/Loans to customers (net) 
0.66% 
0.83% 
Unlikely to pay/Loans to customers (net) 
1.44% 
2.11% 
Net bad loans/Shareholders’ equity 
5.64% 
6.92% 
Texas Ratio (5) 
20.30% 
27.16% 
Other ratios 
 
 
Financial assets and hedging derivatives / Total assets 
22.72% 
18.12% 
Total derivatives/Total assets 
2.34% 
1.06% 
    - trading derivatives/total assets 
1.44% 
1.00% 
    - hedging derivatives/total assets 
0.91% 
0.06% 
Net trading derivatives (6)/Total assets 
0.03% 
0.02% 
Net loans/Direct funding 
90.73% 
90.99% 
Regulatory capitalisation and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 capital ratio) (7) 
14.32% 
14.68% 
Tier 1 capital ratio (7) 
16.62% 
16.52% 
Total capital ratio (7) 
19.58% 
19.59% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
191% 
209% 
Leverage ratio 
5.21% 
5.92% 
Banco BPM stock 
 
 
Number of outstanding shares 
1,515,182,126 
1,515,182,126 
Official closing prices of the stock 
 
 
  - Final 
3.334 
2.640 
  - Maximum 
3.630 
3.040 
  - Minimum 
2.268 
1.781 
  - Average 
2.877 
2.542 
Basic EPS 
0.464 
0.375 
Diluted EPS 
0.464 
0.375 
(1) 
 
Calculated as the ratio of net profit (loss) for the year to shareholders’ equity excluding the profit (loss) for the year and 
AT1 equity instruments. The figure for the previous year has been restated to ensure a like-for-like comparison. 
(2) 
 
Calculated as the ratio of net profit (loss) for the year to shareholders' equity, determined by excluding the profit for the 
year, AT1 equity instruments and intangible assets, net of the related tax effects, from shareholders' equity. 
(3) 
 
Calculated as the ratio of profit (loss) for the year to total assets. 
(4) 
Arithmetic average calculated on a monthly basis in terms of full-time equivalent resources, as shown in the previous table. 
Does not include the Directors and Statutory Auditors of Group Companies. 
(5) 
Calculated as the ratio between the net value of non-performing loans and the tangible shareholders’ equity of the Group, 
determined by excluding intangible assets from the book value of shareholders’ equity, net of the related tax effects.

--- Page 166 ---
158 
 
 
(6) 
The aggregate of net trading derivatives corresponds to the mismatch, in absolute terms, between the derivatives included 
under the Balance Sheet item 20 a) of assets, “Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss - held for trading”, 
and item 20 of liabilities, “Financial liabilities held for trading”. 
(7) 
Ratios calculated including the profit (loss) for the year and deducting the amount of the dividend and other allocations. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the Issuer’s financial management performance based on the consolidated 
financial statements of Banco BPM for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the 7 February 2023 
Press Release and the 8 May 2023 Press Release, the management has identified several Alternative 
Performance Measures (“APMs”). Management believes that these APMs provide useful information for 
investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the Issuer, because they 
facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus 
contains the following alternative performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) of 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415), applicable as of 3 July 2016, which are used by 
the management of the Issuer to monitor the Issuer’s financial and operating performance:  
• 
“Cost/income ratio” is calculated as the ratio between reclassified operating expenses and 
reclassified operating income; 
• 
“Payout ratio” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the proposed dividends to be 
distributed and the amount of net profit; 
• 
“Dividend yield” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the proposed dividend per share 
and the average price of Banco BPM share; 
• 
“Core Total Income” or “Revenues from Core Banking Business” or “Core revenues” are calculated 
as the sum of “net interest income”, “net fees and commissions” “income/loss from investments in 
associates carried at equity” and “income from insurance business”3; 
• 
“Direct funding from customers” includes deposits and current accounts and demand and term 
deposits, bonds issued, certificates of deposit and other securities, loans and other debts, and capital-
protected certificates. Repurchase agreements are not included; 
• 
“Core direct funding” is calculated as the sum of current accounts and deposits; 
• 
“Indirect funding net of protected capital certificates” is calculated as the aggregate of indirect 
funding (managed assets and administered assets) net of deposits underlying protected capital 
certificates; 
• 
“Core net performing loans” is calculated as the sum of mortgages, loans, current accounts and 
personal loans; 
• 
“Net interest income excluding write-down of interest on a number tax credits” is calculated as the 
difference between net interest income of the period excluding the impact of the write-down of 
interest on some tax credits accounted for in previous years; 
• 
“Net financial result excluding the effect of the change in own credit risk” is calculated as the 
difference between net financial result and the impact (positive or negative) of the change in own 
credit risk on the valuation of the certificates issued by the Group; 
• 
“Operating expenses excluding insurance company charges and non recurring items” is calculated 
as the difference between the amount of the operating expenses, excluding insurance company 
charges, compared to the previous period (both items net of non recurring components); 
• 
“Personnel expenses excluding insurance company charges and non recurring items” is calculated 
as the difference between the amount of the personnel expenses, excluding insurance company 
charges, compared to the previous period (both items net of non recurring components); 
 
3 As a result of the line-by-line consolidation of insurance companies, as of 30 September 2022, the aggregate also includes the item 
Net income from insurance business.

--- Page 167 ---
159 
 
 
• 
“Change in personnel expenses net of non recurring components” is calculated as the difference 
between the amount of the personnel expenses, excluding non recurring components, compared to 
the previous period; 
• 
“Change in personnel expenses excluding insurance company charges net of non recurring items” 
is calculated as the percentage variation of the amount of the personnel expenses, excluding 
insurance company charges, compared to the previous period (both items net of non recurring 
components); 
• 
“Change in other administrative expenses excluding insurance company charges” is calculated as 
the percentage variation of the amount of the other administrative expenses, excluding insurance 
company charges, compared to the previous period; 
• 
“Net NPE Ratio” is calculated as the ratio between net non-performing exposures and total 
exposures related to the balance sheet items of "Loans to customers" measured at amortised cost"; 
• 
“Net NPE Ratio (EBA methodology)” is calculated in accordance to the methodology used by EBA 
for the presentation of data in the context of the EU Transparency Exercise; 
• 
“Gross NPE Ratio” is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing exposures and total 
exposures related to the balance sheet items of “Loans to customers” measured at amortised cost; 
• 
“Gross NPE Ratio Adjusted” is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing exposures and 
total exposures related to the balance sheet items of Loans to customers measured at amortised cost 
(both excluding the amount relating to disposals of portfolio finalised/approved); 
• 
“Gross NPE Ratio (EBA methodology)” is calculated in accordance to the methodology used by 
EBA for the presentation of data in the context of the EU Transparency Exercise; 
• 
“Cost of risk” or “Cost of credit” is calculated as the ratio between net adjustments on loans to 
customers and net receivables from customers; 
• 
“Cost of risk or cost of credit (normalised or adjusted or excluding non-core components)” is 
calculated as the ratio of net adjustments on loans excluding the impact resulting from the non-
recurring economic components or the estimate of all the adjustments to loans not considered 
structural) to net loans to customers; 
• 
“Normalised (or Adjusted) loan loss provisions” is calculated as loan loss provisions net of the non-
recurring economic components relating to changes in the non-performing loan management 
strategy/sales of portfolios finalised during the year/estimate of all the other adjustments not 
considered structural; 
• 
“Coverage of bad loans” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of cumulated net adjustments 
on bad loans and the gross amount of bad loans; 
• 
“Coverage of unlikely to pay loans” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of cumulated net 
adjustments on unlikely to pay loans and the gross amount of unlikely to pay loans; 
• 
“Coverage of past due exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of cumulated net 
adjustments on past due exposures and the gross amount of past due exposures; 
• 
“Coverage of total non-performing exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of 
cumulated net adjustments on total non-performing exposures and the gross amount of total non-
performing exposures; 
• 
“Coverage of total performing exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of cumulated 
net adjustments on total performing exposures and the gross amount of total performing exposures; 
• 
“Texas ratio” is calculated as the ratio of the net value of non-performing loans to the tangible 
shareholders’ equity of the Group, determined by excluding intangible assets from the book value 
of shareholders’ equity, net of the related tax effects;

--- Page 168 ---
160 
 
 
• 
“Adjusted Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations” is calculated as income (loss) before 
tax from continuing operations net of the non-recurring economic components; 
• 
“Normalised (or Adjusted) net income (or profit)” is calculated as net income (or net profit) net of 
the non-recurring economic components; 
• 
“ROE (Return on Equity)” is calculated by dividing the amount of the net income for the year by 
Shareholders' equity (excluding the profit (loss) for the year and AT1 equity instruments); 
• 
“ROA (Return on Assets)” is calculated by dividing the amount of the net income for the year 
excluding total assets; 
• 
“ROTE (Return on tangible equity)” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the net profit 
(loss) for the year to shareholders' equity, determined by excluding the profit for the year, AT1 
equity instruments and intangible assets, net of the related tax effects, from shareholders' equity; 
• 
“Financial margin/Operating income” is calculated as the ratio of Financial margin to Operating 
income; 
• 
“Net fee and commission income/Operating income” is calculated as the ratio of Net fee and 
commission income to Operating income; 
• 
“Loans to customers (net) per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the net amount of Loans 
to customers and the Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
• 
“Operating income per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the Operating Income and the 
Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
• 
“Operating Expenses per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the Operating Expenses and 
the Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
• 
“Net bad loans/Loans to customers (net)” is calculated by dividing the net amount of bad loans by 
the net amount of loans to customers; 
• 
“Unlikely to pay/Loans to customers (net)” is calculated by dividing the net amount of unlikely to 
pay by the net amount of loans to customers; 
• 
“Net bad loans/Shareholders’ equity” is calculated by dividing the net amount of bad loans by the 
amount of Shareholders’ equity; 
• 
“Financial assets and hedging derivatives/Total assets” is calculated by dividing the amount of 
financial assets and hedging derivatives by total assets; 
• 
“Total derivatives/Total assets” is calculated as the ratio between Derivative assets (sum of hedging 
and trading derivatives) and total assets; 
• 
“Trading derivatives/total assets” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the derivatives 
included under Balance Sheet item 20 a) of assets, “Financial assets designated at fair value through 
profit and loss - held for trading” by total assets; 
• 
“Hedging derivatives/total assets” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of Balance Sheet 
item 50. of assets “Hedging derivatives” by total assets; 
• 
“Net trading derivatives/Total assets” is calculated as the ratio between Net trading derivatives 
(mismatch, in absolute terms, between the derivatives included under Balance Sheet item1 20 a) of 
assets, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit and loss - held for trading”, and item 
20. of liabilities, “Financial liabilities held for trading”) and total assets; 
• 
“Net loans/Direct funding” is calculated by dividing the amount of net loans to customers by direct 
funding. 
It should be noted that:

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
 
(a) 
the APMs are based exclusively on historical data of the Issuer and are not indicative of future 
performance; 
(b) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, while they are derived from the consolidated financial 
statements of Banco BPM prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to 
audit; 
(c) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measures derived 
in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
(d) 
the above-mentioned APMs are calculated on the basis of the reclassified financial statements, 
unless otherwise specified, and should be read together with the financial information of Banco 
BPM for the periods ended on 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 March 2023 taken 
from the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the 2021 Annual Financial Statements and the results 
as at 31 March 2023, respectively; 
(e) 
since not all companies calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of Banco BPM 
may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on these data; 
(f) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for the period for which 
financial information in this Prospectus is included. 
The economic components of a non-recurring nature are illustrated, in accordance with the indications of 
Consob Communication no. DEM/6064293 of 28 July 2006, in the Group’s Report on Operations in the 
2022 Annual Financial Statements (pages 45-46), in the Group’s Report on Operations in the 2021 Annual 
Financial Statements (pages 41-43) and in Note no. 5 “Non-recurring items in the income statement of 
Gruppo Banco BPM” of the results as at 31 March 2023, all incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Credit quality 
(in millions of Euro) (*) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Net exposure 
% impact 
Net exposure 
% impact 
Bad loans 
720.6 
0.7% 
906.5 
0.8% 
Unlikely to pay 
1,574.8 
1.4% 
2,309.4 
2.1% 
Non-performing past-due exposures 
60.1 
0.1% 
44.6 
0.0% 
Non-performing loans 
2,355.5 
2.2% 
3,260.5 
3.0% 
Performing exposures 
107,099.5 
97.8% 
106,122.9 
97.0% 
Total loans to customers 
109,455.0 
100.0% 
109,383.4 
100% 
__________ 
(*) The chart sets forth credit quality information in respect of the assets of the Group accounted at amortised cost only. 
In December 2022, the Issuer completed a significant and complex restructuring transaction of impaired 
credit exposures attributable to a leading real estate group, with the aim of pursuing an active management 
of the properties underlying the aforementioned exposures through the support of a specialised partner 
and the provision of new financing aimed at the development of the properties by third parties. The 
transaction, known as the “Project Wolf”, is described in the notes to the 2022 Annual Financial 
Statements on pages 203-204, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. As a result of 
the transaction, at 31 December 2022 the new restructured loans were classified in the accounting 
portfolio “Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value” and recognised in the balance sheet with 
a total value of Euro 219 million. The aforementioned loans were classified for prudential purposes as 
“non-impaired exposures” as it was considered that the restructuring operation did not represent an 
ordinary lending operation given the exceptional nature of the transaction, which resulted in a change in 
the ownership and control structure of the initiative and a significant improvement in the overall situation 
of the client. On page 373 of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, it was also noted that, at the time of 
preparation of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the interpretation underlying the classification as 
“non-impaired exposures” was subject to ongoing discussions with the ECB. The subject of the ECB's 
review was exclusively the classification of the exposures for regulatory purposes, without prejudice to

--- Page 170 ---
162 
 
 
the classification for accounting purposes and measurement of the exposures in the 2022 Annual Financial 
Statements, as the different regulatory classification has no impact on the determination of their fair value.  
Following the publication of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the ECB completed its assessment 
and notified the Issuer that, from a prudential point of view, the completed restructuring transaction 
constitutes a forbearance measure against. Therefore, the Issuer could not change the classification of the 
exposure, which should remain as a “non-performing loan”. In line with such assessment, the Bank has 
reinstated the prudential classification of the loans concerned as “non-performing loans” with effect from 
31 March 2023. 
Capital Requirements for the Group 
On 14 December 2022, the European Central Bank (ECB) notified Banco BPM of its final decision on 
the minimum capital ratios to be complied with by Banco BPM on an ongoing basis for 2023. The 
decision is based on the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) conducted in compliance with 
Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013. 
Therefore, in compliance with Article 16(2)(a) of the same Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, which 
confers on the ECB the power to require supervised banks to hold own funds in excess of the minimum 
capital requirements laid down by current regulations, a requirement of 2.57% was added to the minimum 
capital requirements. Such SREP requirement must be maintained by Banco BPM with 56.25% as 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and 75% as Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1). 
Taking the above into account, the requirements set out for other systemically important institutions 
(equal to 0.25% for 2023), the capital conservation buffer (equal to 2.50%) and the countercyclical capital 
buffer established by the competent national authorities for exposures to countries in which the Group 
operates (equal to 0.011%), the Banco BPM Group was required to comply with the following capital 
ratios at consolidated level for 2023, in accordance with the transitional criteria in force: 
• 
CET1 ratio: 8.71%; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio: 10.69%; 
• 
Total Capital ratio: 13.33%. 
The Banco BPM Group satisfied these prudential requirements, with a CET1 ratio as at 31 December 
2022 of 14.3% at phase-in level, a Tier 1 ratio of 16.6% at phase-in level and a Total Capital ratio equal 
to 19.6% at phase-in level4. 
Rating 
The international agencies Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) through Moody’s France SAS, Fitch 
Ratings (“Fitch”) through Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, and DBRS Morningstar (“DBRS”) 
through DBRS Ratings GmbH have assigned ratings to the Issuer. Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS are regulated 
under the Regulation No. 1060/2009/EC of the European Parliament and the Council dated 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following ratings have been assigned by Moody’s to the Issuer: 
(i) Long and Short Term Deposit Ratings of Baa2/P-2, where the Long Term Deposit Ratings has a Stable 
Outlook; (ii) Long-Term Issuer Rating and Long-Term Senior Unsecured Debt Rating of Ba1, with Stable 
Outlook; (iii) Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) and adjusted BCA of ba2; and (iv) Long and Short 
Term Counterparty Risk Assessments (CR Assessment) of Baa2 (cr) / P-2 (cr). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following ratings have been assigned by Fitch to the Issuer: (i) 
Long and Short Term Issuer Default Rating of BBB-/F3; and (ii) Viability Rating of bbb-. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following ratings were assigned to the Issuer by DBRS 
Morningstar: (i) Long-Term Deposit Rating of BBB (high); (ii) Short-Term Deposit Rating of R-1 (low); 
 
4 
Ratios calculated by including the net results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and deducting the total proposed 
dividends based on the applicable regulations. The transitional provisions provided for in Articles 473(a) and 468 
of the Regulation EU 575/2013 have been applied.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
 
(iii) Long-Term Issuer Rating and Long-Term Senior Debt Rating of BBB; (iv) Short-Term Issuer Rating 
and Short-Term Debt Rating of R-2 (high); and (v) Long and Short-Term Critical Obligations Ratings of 
A (low) / R-1 (low). All ratings have a Stable Trend. The Intrinsic Assessment of the Group is BBB.

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Introduction 
Banco BPM S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or the “Bank” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or the 
“Banco BPM Group”) was incorporated on 13 December 2016 and is one of the largest banking groups 
in Italy as at 31 December 2022, based on revenues, assets and net income, with 20,157 employees, 1,504 
branches and approximately 4 million customers concentrated in the Lombardy, Veneto and Piedmont 
regions. Banco BPM’s duration has been set to 23 December 2114, however it may be extended.  
The Group is the product of the combination between Banco Popolare Società Cooperativa (“Banco 
Popolare”) and Banca Popolare di Milano S.c.a.r.l. (“BPM”). 
The Group’s core activities are divided into the following business segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Corporate, (iii) 
Institutional, (iv) Private, (v) Investment Banking, (vi) Insurance, (vii) Strategic Partnerships and the (viii) 
Corporate Centre. 
The majority of the Group’s activities are based in Italy. Outside of Italy, the Group has foreign operations 
in Switzerland, China and India. 
History of the Group 
BPM 
BPM was incorporated as a limited liability co-operative company in 1865 to facilitate access to credit for 
merchants, small businessmen and industrialists. In 1876, BPM became part of the “Associazione nazionale 
delle Banche Popolari” and in the early 1900s it increased its business through the establishment of new 
branches in northern Italy. From the 1950s onwards, BPM grew considerably through the acquisition of 
interests in other lending institutions and the incorporation of several banks such as Banca Popolare di 
Roma, Banca Briantea, Banca Agricola Milanese, Banca Popolare Cooperativa Vogherese, Banca Popolare 
di Bologna e Ferrara, Banca Popolare di Apricena, INA Banca, Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria, Banca 
di Legnano and Banca Popolare di Mantova. The late 1980s saw the establishment of the Bipiemme – 
Banca Popolare di Milano group (the “BPM Group”), of which BPM was the parent company, performing, 
in addition to banking activities, strategic guidance, governance and supervision of its financial and 
instrumental subsidiaries. The BPM Group operated mainly in Lombardy (where 63% of its branches were 
situated), but also in Piedmont, Lazio, Puglia and Emilia Romagna, predominantly providing commercial 
banking services to retail and small-medium sized enterprises (SMEs) as well as to corporates, through a 
dedicated internal structure. In addition, BPM offered its customers capital market services, brokerage 
services, debt and equity underwriting, asset management, insurance underwriting and sales, factoring 
services and consumer credit. From 1999 onwards, BPM operated an online banking service called 
WeBank. 
Banco Popolare 
Banco Popolare was incorporated on 1 July 2007 following the merger between Banco Popolare di Verona 
e Novara Società Cooperativa a Responsabilità Limitata (“BPVN”) and Banca Popolare Italiana – Banca 
Popolare di Lodi Società Cooperativa (“BPI”). Banco Popolare, together with its subsidiaries, formed the 
Banco Popolare group (the “Banco Popolare Group”).  
In turn, BPVN was incorporated in 2002 as a result of the merger between Banca Popolare di Verona – 
Banco S. Geminiano and S. Prospero Società cooperativa di credito a responsabilità limitata. 
BPI was incorporated in 1864 and was the first cooperative bank established in Italy. It was formed to 
promote savings by local customers and to provide banking services to support their business activities. 
BPI was listed on the Mercato Ristretto of the Italian Stock Exchange in 1981 and was listed on the MTA 
from 1998 onwards. In June 2005, BPI changed its name from Banca Popolare di Lodi S.c.a r.l. to Banca 
Popolare Italiana – Banca Popolare di Lodi Società Cooperativa. 
Banco Popolare operated abroad through an international network made up of banks, representative offices 
and international desks. It also had relationships with around 3,000 correspondent banks. The Group’s 
foreign operations included a subsidiary company, Banca Aletti Suisse, and representative offices in China 
(Hong Kong and Shanghai), India (Mumbai) and Russia (Moscow). In 2014, following a merger by

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
 
incorporation of Credito Bergamasco, Banco Popolare further simplified its organisational model by 
rationalising Credito Bergamasco’s local management. On 16 March 2015, Banca Italease S.p.A. was 
merged into Banco Popolare with effect for accounting and tax purposes as of 1 January 2015. 
Banco BPM 
Banco BPM carries out the functions of a bank and holding company, which involve operating functions 
as well as coordination and unified management functions in respect of all the companies included within 
the Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
 
Structure of the Group 
During 2022, the Group completed the below detailed initiatives with the aim of streamlining its corporate 
and organisational structure, simplifying its structure, optimizing and enhancing resources and reducing 
costs. 
Equity interest management transactions 
The process of rationalising the portfolio of interests in associates and joint ventures undertaken by the 
Group in recent years includes the sale to Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., on 15 March 2022, of the 
interest held in Factorit S.p.A., previously measured with the equity method, corresponding to 39.5% of 
share capital. The transaction, completed for a consideration of Euro 75 million, an amount corresponding 
to the book value of the equity interest in the financial statements as at 31 December 2021, did not entail 
the recognition of any impact on the income statement for 2022.  
Moreover, during 2022 the mergers by incorporation into the Banco BPM of Bipielle Real Estate S.p.A. 
and Release S.p.A. (already wholly owned by Banco BPM) were finalised. In particular, from 1 January 
2022, the incorporation of Bipielle Real Estate into the Parent Company took effect, while the merger by 
incorporation of Release into Banco BPM S.p.A. became effective from 21 February 2022. Both 
transactions took effect for accounting and tax purposes on 1 January 2022. These transactions, which were 
carried out according to the simplified forms established for wholly-owned companies, pursued the 
objective of concentrating the management of leasing activity as well as real estate assets directly in the 
Parent Company, which also includes the complex of organisational units responsible for asset 
management.  
It should also be noted that, in February 2022, the liquidation procedure of the subsidiary BP Trading 
Immobiliare S.r.l. was completed after it was struck off the competent Companies’ Register.  
In addition, on 18 May 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of Consorzio AT01 (95% interest held by Banco 
BPM) resolved the early dissolution and the launch of voluntary liquidation with legal effect from 1 June 
2022. On 19 October 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of the consortium members approved the final 
liquidation financial statements as at 30 September 2022; prior to that, in July 2022, the associated company 
Bussentina S.c.r.l. also approved the final liquidation financial statements as at 30 June 2022. As 
highlighted in Section 4 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements (which is dedicated to the 
events after the reporting date), in January 2023 both companies were struck off the competent Companies’ 
Registers.  
Lastly, on 16 December 2022, the deed of partial demerger of Tecmarket Sevizi to Banco BPM was signed 
regarding the assignment of a business unit relating to the activities carried out by the subsidiary on the 
technology platform for the You Business Web service, intended for entities and companies that are 
customers of Banco BPM, as well as technological services, functional to specific businesses of Banco 
BPM for its customers, with the exclusion of activities related to the management of terminals and technical 
assistance to customers for POS and Mobile POS services, which will be the focus of Tecmarket's future 
operations. The partial demerger, carried out with a simplified procedure pursuant to Articles 2505 and 
2506-ter of the Italian Civil Code, is effective, also for accounting and tax purposes, from 1 January 2023.  
The transactions described above, which pursue the objective of simplifying and rationalising the corporate 
and operating structure of the Group, did not have any impact on the consolidated financial statements or 
on the capital ratios. 
Integration of the insurance business 
In April 2022, the Board of Directors of Banco BPM resolved to exercise the option for the purchase from 
the partner Covéa Coopération SA of 81% of the share capital of Bipiemme Vita S.p.A., an insurance 
company operating in the life sector, in which Banco BPM already held a 19% interest. On 22 July 2022, 
after obtaining the legal authorisations from the competent authorities, the Group fnalised the acquisition 
of 81% of Bipiemme Vita S.p.A.'s share capital, for a sum of Euro 309.4 million. In turn, Bipiemme Vita 
holds the entire share capital of Bipiemme Assicurazioni S.p.A., operating in the non-life sector. The two

--- Page 175 ---
167 
 
 
insurance companies, which concurrently changed their company names to Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. and 
Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A., were consolidated on a line-by-line basis from 1 July 2022. 
 
 
As a result of the above initiatives, the structure of the BPM banking group, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is as follows:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANCO BPM  
Società per Azioni 
Aletti Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Banca Aletti & C. 
(Suisse) SA
Oaklins Italy S.r.l. 
BPM Covered Bond 
S.r.l.
BPM Covered Bond 2 
S.r.l.
BP Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Bipielle Bank (Suisse) 
SA in liquidazione  
Ge.Se.So. S.r.l. 
100%
100% 
100% 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
80% 
80% 
60% 
100%
100% 
100% 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
100%

--- Page 176 ---
168 
 
 
Strategy 
On 4 November 2021 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM approved the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan setting 
out updated targets for the Group through 2024. 
As detailed below, the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan rests on three main pillars and envisages three enabling 
factors which will allow the Group to achieve its targets. 
Pillar 1 – New digital-driven service model 
The efforts and investments made since the incorporation of Banco BPM, aimed at pursuing its digital 
transformation, have laid solid foundations for further evolution of the service model from a digitalisation 
and omni-channel perspective, over the timeframe of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. 
In order to seize the main commercial growth opportunities and further optimise operations, a new digital 
service model will be rolled out within the timeline of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. Such digital service 
model will leverage on: 
1. 
the continuous evolution towards a daily use of mobile devices in connection with banking services. 
This will enable an increase in the number of customers “enrolled” in digital services, an 
improvement in customer experience and the adoption of a digital identity, switching to a paperless 
operating environment 
2. 
a deeper focus and specialisation of the distribution network on the commercial offering through: 
- 
the reduction of cash terminals; and 
- 
the evolution of the customer centre into a “digital branch”, aimed at the remote sale of 
products and services; 
3. 
the development of the significant potential of the omni-channel approach by increasing the use of 
advanced analytics with the goal of innovating the sales approach by developing new customer 
journeys that guarantee a more extensive and personalised response to the needs of retail customers; 
and the offering a diversified and “remote-enabled” range of retail products and services, with a 
view to enabling purchases without assistance. 
Pillar 2 – The new digital-driven service model enables sustainable growth in the core business 
Family Banking 
The objective is to seize the real growth opportunities in mortgages for families and young people, plus 
constant growth in the consumer credit sector and strengthening of activities in the non-life bancassurance 
sector. 
The consolidation of the Group’s strategies in the non-life bancassurance segments and of the strategic 
partnership in consumer credit, together with the innovation of the commercial offering based on analytics 
and digitalisation, will enable the Bank to achieve ambitious goals through the development of an omni-
channel approach and enhancement of marketing automation, the contribution of the “digital branch”, both 
for direct sales and as support for omni-channel sales in branch and the widening of specific customer 
segments with a refocusing of the Webank offering on the millennials target. 
Wealth Management 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan aims to achieve continuous growth in the wealth management segment, 
focusing on management of customer investments, turning new direct funding acquired in the last few years 
into asset management, and leveraging both the Bank’s omni-channel strategy and the implementation of 
asset management and life bancassurance solutions. 
In support of these objectives, wealth management operations will be able to benefit, over the timeline of 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, from:  
• 
increasingly more advanced “remote advisory” solutions, based on web cooperation and digital 
signature;  
• 
further improvement to the customer journey and analytical models; and

--- Page 177 ---
169 
 
 
• 
a development of both bancassurance and asset management offerings, with a special focus on ESG 
matters. 
Within the wealth management segment, Banca Aletti, specialised in private banking, will play an 
increasingly important role, continuing on its growth path with a strategy based on a new service model 
specialised by customer type and the expansion of the range of products and services geared towards ESG, 
insurance solutions consistent with the financial and tax context, digital financial advisory services, 
investments linked to the real economy and family office services;  
In addition, the Bank aims to achieve an organic and sustainable growth through an improvement in the 
“share of wallet” due to enhancement of the customer relationship management and the adoption of actions 
coordinated with the Group and dedicated to developing synergies with business, corporate and institutional 
customers. 
SME Segment 
The small and medium-sized enterprises (“SME”) segment, also thanks to the growth achieved over the 
last year, plays an important strategic role for the Group. 
Specialisation of the service model and adoption of new distribution formats are the main drivers of Banco 
BPM’s strategic ambitions; the growth targets will be pursued through an improvement in cross-selling in 
commercial and investment banking, with particular focus on the territorial areas in which the presence is 
lower and where the market share is below the national average.  
The strategic initiatives targeted at SME customers will focus on two areas: (i) evolution of the commercial 
offering, also based on an omni-channel approach, and (ii) adoption of a new service model for businesses.  
The new service model will involve differentiation depending on the size and needs of the SME customer, 
with “transactional” activities included in the omni-channel offering, while financing and advisory 
activities will be covered by a team of specialists.  
Further, a greater and stronger focus on the synergies with Banca Akros structures and Banca Aletti’s 
private bankers is also planned.  
A strengthening and growth is envisaged in some specific sectors, such as agrifood, through dedicated 
specialists and relationship managers, a qualified credit chain and a well-defined product catalogue.  
In addition, various forms of credit, which allow the use of incentives provided by the Italian Government 
and by supranational organisations, will be made available to SME customers; the Group will also place 
significant attention also to funding, fiscal bonuses and services related to the National Recovery and 
Resilience Plan (“NRRP”). 
Corporate/Institutional Segments and Investment Banking Activities 
The Group’s ambition is to further develop support for corporate customers. This commitment will be 
accompanied by a further increase in customer loans and a significant rise in core revenues. These 
objectives will be achieved by focusing on the specific strategic areas summarised below. 
First and foremost, growth will be pursued in high value-added business areas by further bolstering the 
Bank’s leading position in structured finance and its solid expertise in support of foreign customer activities, 
aided by the renewed commitment to Trade & Structured Export Financing. 
The second key element will be represented by the ability to take advantage of the opportunities stemming 
from implementation of the NRRP, by operating in support of the liquidity of the system (Supply Chain 
Finance & Tax Credits), financing customer projects and further improving the specialist coverage of the 
most involved economic sectors synergising with the various private, institutional and public administration 
stakeholders, and will be coordinated by a specific steering committee at Group level.  
An additional segment of development is the already active presence in the “ecobonus and superbonus” 
business.  
Full development of the Group’s synergies will represent an additional area of strategic action, aimed at 
achieving an integrated approach, tailor-made to customers’ needs with specific regard to the management 
of company liquidity and Private Banking services (i.e., Banca Aletti) and to investment banking activities 
(i.e., Banca Akros).

--- Page 178 ---
170 
 
 
In light of the important role that Banca Akros plays in the Group’s growth, its “core” revenues are expected 
to grow throughout the period of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. Banca Akros’ development focuses in 
particular on:  
• 
promoting customer access to the financial markets, with special attention to SMEs; 
• 
enhancing leadership in brokerage, placement and equity research activities; 
• 
promoting the innovation of products and services with particular attention to digitalisation and ESG 
issues; and 
• 
strengthening trading/financial engineering activities and market making on financial 
cash/derivative markets, equities/fixed income securities and hedging of interest rates, currencies 
and selected commodities, thanks also to the recognized and consolidated brand in favour of the 
Group's customers (corporate and SME) and institutional counterparties. 
Pillar 3 – Sustainable growth of the core business by leveraging the potential of bank product providers 
Banco BPM redefined the bancassurance partnership agreements with Cattolica Assicurazioni and Covéa, 
respectively, through which the Group secured a purchase option on the shares in companies held by the 
respective partners, which will enable it to reach a stake of 100% of their share capital. More specifically, 
on 29 May 2023 Banco BPM announced the exercise of the call option on 65% of the capital of Vera Vita 
and Vera Assicurazioni. In addition, Banco BPM has the right to excercise an unconditional call option on 
81% of the share capital of Bipiemme Vita, which in turn holds 100% of Bipiemme Assicurazioni, which 
can be exercised from 8 September 2021 to 31 December 2023. 
Therefore Banco BPM secured the strategic option, entirely at its discretion, to fully insource the 
bancassurance business or, alternatively, to enter into new partnerships that guarantee its stakeholders with 
the same creation of value. 
Enabling Factors 
Confirmation of a strong “risk control culture” applied to the management of loans, funding and the 
securities portfolio 
After an impressive track record in de-risking actions in the last few years, characterised by an excellent 
performance in both assignments of non-performing loans and recovery activities, the 2021-2024 Strategic 
Plan makes provision for further improvement in asset quality. Adequate levels of coverage of 
nonperforming loans will be maintained over the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan timeline and the cost of risk is 
expected to fall. 
The improvement in asset quality in the 2021-2024 period, which will occur also by taking advantage of 
the geographic positioning of the portfolio, 94% of which is concentrated on the regions in Central and 
Northern Italy (more than 75% in Northern Italy), will be supported by a set of 4 organic initiatives, which 
will also enable the bank to reduce the default rate, increase the NPE recovery rate and reduce the stock of 
NPEs, more than offsetting the forecast impacts linked to the COVID-19 pandemic: 
• 
advanced credit risk data warehouse: 
- 
creation of a unique credit risk data warehouse. 
• 
reinforcing of credit policies, also from an ESG perspective: 
- 
greater sector-based specialisation and developments dedicated to financial sustainability; 
- 
full inclusion of ESG prospects and business projections in light of the “transition” processes 
(focus on climate risk and energy efficiency initiatives); and 
- 
closer interaction between the alignment with policies, budget and management by objectives 
(MBO). 
• 
evolution of Monitoring & Early Warning Systems: 
- 
new early warning developments, exploiting innovative “machine learning” techniques on 
current account transactions; 
- 
improvement in the risk control capacity by using strategies based on analytical “workflows”; 
and

--- Page 179 ---
171 
 
 
- 
prevention of “performance driven” default risk, supported by increasingly more extensive 
monitoring key performance indicators (KPIs). 
• 
new approach to managing NPEs: 
- 
full development of the JV with Gardant S.p.A. to enhance the workout of bad loans; 
- 
introduction of a standardised management approach for UTPs that will leverage quicker and 
more effective workout strategies; and 
- 
dynamic activation of large-scale transfers supported by accelerated workout based on single-
name transfers and full and final settlements. 
Development of the talent and diversity of human and digital resources, organizational and process 
transformation, confirming the close control of costs 
Human Resources 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan will be focused on a people-oriented approach and aimed at attracting and 
nurturing talented people, among others, through a people strategy aimed at promoting an attractive value 
proposition, the inclusion and a special focus on the individual, the empowerment of talented women and 
awareness-raising actions and education and training programmes on ESG matters. 
IT investments and initiatives 
Technological evolution will be one of the main enabling factors of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. Banco 
BPM Group has already allocated a total of Euro 650m for investments over the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan 
horizon, with the goal of promoting the digital transformation, through the implementation of “data & 
analytics tools”, the promotion of innovative technologies and partnerships with fintech and innovative 
companies. 
Strengthening of IT security 
A key aspect of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan is IT security designed to counteract any unexpected 
cybersecurity threats. To this end, the Bank has allocated more than Euro 45 million to investments over 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon. 
Full integration of the ESG strategy in Banco BPM Group’s business model 
The Banco BPM Group plans to further boost its strategic ambition in all areas of Sustainability through 
growing integration and dissemination of ESG elements in its governance and business models. The 
activities which will be developed over the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon are based on already 
established and consolidated foundations: first and foremost, at governance level, thanks to the creation of 
controls at board level, with the direct responsibility of the Board of Directors and the central role of the 
“Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee”, which can rely on a reference advisor for ESG issues; at 
managerial level with the “ESG Operational Committee” chaired by the CEO and the “Sustainability 
Structure”. The integration of ESG requests in the business model is achieved, in particular, by the activities 
arranged into 7 project areas: “Governance”, “People”, “Risk & Credit”, “Customers-Business”, 
“Customers-Wealth Management”, “Environment” and “Stakeholder engagement & measurement”. In 
these areas, a total of 32 projects have been defined which are in the process of being implemented, 
involving 15 units. In addition, specific targets are defined in the long-term and short-term incentive plans, 
for the CEO and senior managers. For further information see “Environmental, Social and Governance 
Matters”. 
These targets constitute the foundations of the five ESG macro-objectives of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, 
which are broken down into the following areas: 
Business 
The objectives set in this macro-area will be achieved through the proposal of solutions, products and 
advisory services that support customers in the transition towards a sustainable economy. 
Risk & Credit

--- Page 180 ---
172 
 
 
ESG requests will be integrated in the risk, credit and investment policies and processes in three areas: (i) 
the application of credit exclusion criteria to sectors bearing a very high risk from an environmental impact 
perspective and simultaneous run-off of currently existing exposures; (ii) selective approach to the granting 
of credit aimed at transition projects in sectors exposed to high environmental risk, such as the fossil fuels 
sector; (iii) active initiatives to promote change programmes and projects for customers exposed to climate 
risk.  
In March 2023, the Bank signed up to the Net Zero Banking Alliance, the initiative promoted by the United 
Nations with the aim of accelerating the sustainable transition of the international banking sector, during 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon.  
Lastly, the Risk Management operating framework has been fully integrated with ESG factors. 
People Strategy 
This macro-objective will be pursued through further integration of the ESG risks and objectives in the 
management incentive policies, identification and training of ESG ambassadors as reference points on 
sustainability issues within all company departments, development of greater awareness of ESG matters 
and constant training, promotion of a business culture based on diversity and inclusion and individual well-
being, the latter pursued through work-life balance policies. 
Environment 
A key element in achieving this macro-objective will involve developing actions to counteract climate 
change by reducing the direct impacts, thanks to constant use of electricity generated entirely from 
renewable sources and reduction of consumption and carbon dioxide emissions, with the goal of achieving 
carbon neutrality18 during the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan timeline. 
Community 
The signing of important international partnerships/initiatives will fall into this area, such as the United 
Nations Global Compact. Continuous support for the social fabric in the local area will continue: with 
support to the Third Sector, with the economic support of social and environmental projects intended in 
particular for schools, universities and the volunteering sector. Lastly, there will be continued support for 
scientific research in the oncological field (AIRC) to finance the activities of more than 5,000 researchers 
and the implementation of 660 research projects.

--- Page 181 ---
173 
 
 
Activities of the Group 
With a view to improving how the Group’s profitability is represented, the Segment Reporting structure 
was revised, effective from 31 December 2022, to emphasise the process of internalising the bancassurance 
business, undertaken by the Group during the current year. In addition, the “Leases” segment, now a 
residual activity in terms of the Group’s operations, was transferred to the Corporate Centre. 
Therefore, the Group’s core activities can be divided into the following business segments: (i) Retail; (ii) 
Corporate; (iii) Institutional; (iv) Private; (v) Investment Banking; (vi) Insurance; (vii) Strategic 
Partnerships ; and (viii) Corporate Centre. 
The table below sets forth the main financial results for each business lines for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021. 
 
A description of the individual business segments is given below, providing a more detailed analysis of the 
main activities conducted, both commercial and otherwise, divided in a manner that is in line with the 
internal organisation of the business segment in question.  
Retail 
The “Retail” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financial products/services 
and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at private customers and small businesses.  
These activities are mainly carried out by the commercial network of the Banco BPM Group (the 
“Commercial Network”). 
Commercial Network 
The Commercial Network represents the cornerstone of the development of the Group’s commercial 
activities throughout Italy and is the backbone of its organisational structure. It is centred on the network 
division, which ensures a balanced coverage at a national level and is instrumental to the development of a 
product and service offering in line with customers’ needs in the different markets where the banks of the 
Group operate.  
The commercial network model is inspired by the principles of: 
• 
customer centrality and high levels of service, through a specialized offering and a greater focus on 
commercial structures; 
• 
territorial proximity, through the configuration of territorial departments dedicated to specific 
reference territories, to which several areas report, which in turn guarantee support and coordination 
in favour of the branches (divided into Hubs, Coordinated Independent, Spoke and Independent); 
Group 
Retail 
Corporate 
Institutional 
Private 
 
Investment 
Banking 
Insurance 
Strategic 
Partnerships 
Corporate 
Centre 
 
 
 
Operating Income 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
4,705,517 
2,624,438 
734,571 
147,674 
100,844 
120,986 
38,297 
148,260 
790,447 
2021 (*) ................................ 
4,510,746 
2,519,920 
739,875 
96,810 
98,047 
111,794 
17,969 
207,101 
719,230 
Operating expenses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
(2,539,369) 
(1,872,511) 
(215,750) 
(45,604) 
(75,919) 
(90,438) 
(15,559) 
(2,400) 
(221,188) 
2021 (*) ................................ 
(2,515,775) 
(1,901,966) 
(199,363) 
(41,907) 
(75,285) 
(91,922) 
(212) 
(2,434) 
(202,686) 
Profit (loss) from 
operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
2,166,148 
751,927 
518,821 
102,070 
24,925 
30,548 
22,738 
145,860 
569,259 
2021 (*) ................................ 
1,994,971 
617,954 
540,512 
54,903 
22,762 
19,872 
17,757 
204,667 
516,544 
Profit (loss) for the year 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
702,589 
65,789 
195,347 
53,127 
10,108 
18,725 
16,835 
147,289 
195,369 
2021 (*) ................................ 
569,068 
12,876 
87,212 
21,982 
11,595 
10,654 
18,273 
187,839 
218,637 
Net loans (including senior 
securities from sales of 
non-performing loans) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
109,454,960 
63,164,637 
31,092,530 
6,704,832 
542,448 
1,773,022 
- 
- 
6,177,491 
2021 (*) ................................ 
109,383,382 
61,518,164 
30,040,220 
6,364,241 
428,992 
1,963,699 
- 
- 
9,068,066 
Direct funding (without 
repurchase agreements 
with certificates) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ..................................... 
123,449,508 
86,389,032 
7,516,615 
11,047,043 
2,871,378 
2,858,602 
- 
- 
12,766,837 
2021 (*) ................................ 
123,168,045 
84,262,888 
10,223,578 
10,966,219 
2,948,662 
2,663,969 
- 
- 
12,102,729 
(*) Keeping the total of the item unchanged, the figures relating to the previous year were restated to guarantee a like-for-like comparison with the segmentation criteria used for 
2022.

--- Page 182 ---
174 
 
 
• 
quick decision-making processes and proactively meeting customer needs. 
Distribution Network  
As of 31 December 2022, the Banco BPM Group had 1,504 branches. The Group’s network is distributed 
throughout Italy, with a leading position in the northern part of the country, where the majority of the 
distribution network is concentrated. The branches are mainly located in the following regions: Lombardy, 
Veneto, Liguria,Piedmont and Emilia-Romagna.  
Branches 
Branches 
Actual 
2022 
Banco BPM ......................................................................................................................... 
1,451 
Banca Aletti......................................................................................................................... 
52 
Banca Akros ........................................................................................................................ 
1 
Total .................................................................................................................................... 
1,504 
The distribution network of the Group is expected to evolve in line with the following three key principles: 
(i) rationalisation of the branch network; (ii) specialisation of the “value proposition” and increased 
penetration of digital distribution channels; and (iii) development of new “physical” service models that 
are more flexible and more appropriate to meet client needs. 
The branch network underwent a significant rationalisation programme in line with the revised customer 
acquisition strategies of the Banco BPM Group. In fact, in 2021 the reorganisation and streamlining plan 
on the commercial network was completed, with the closure of around 300 small branches. In addition, 
following the uptrend in the use of digital channels by customers, in line with the forecasts of the Business 
Plan, the closure of 75 branches of the commercial network, with a proportionally larger transactional 
component, was approved, and will take place within the first half of 2023, with a view to strengthening 
the more structured branches to offer advisory services, and with a full range of products. The organisational 
model of the network is expected to remain the same in terms of format (traditional, hub and spoke) but the 
average size of branches will increase in order to achieve greater efficiency, resource specialisation and the 
availability of professionals covering different areas. 
The evolution of the Banco BPM Group’s distribution model is being supported by investment in digital 
distribution channels, in line with a customer’s features, needs and propensity and also through the 
positioning of the Webank brand, continuing the migration of cash transactions to electronic cash and 
providing new distance-based consultancy services. Particular focus is placed on the availability of 
distance-selling of the products and services of the Banco BPM Group. Banco BPM is implementing an 
omni-channel service model with a focus on sustainability and efficiency. 
Finally, the distribution model envisages the creation and/or strengthening of mobile “physical” channels 
intended to bring the bank closer to its clients. Various new forms of mobile services are envisaged 
including, amongst others: (i) distance-selling, based on distance communication tools and techniques to 
facilitate the relationship between client and relationship managers in different locations and requiring a 
large number of client relationship managers to be authorised to operate outside the branches and to provide 
consulting services at the client’s home; (ii) teams of private bankers to develop new and existing wealth 
advisory competencies; (iii) business product specialists throughout the network supporting the relationship 
managers; (iv) business developers dedicated to acquiring new business customers, particularly in 
geographical areas where the Banco BPM Group is less well-established; and (v) financial promoters in 
Banca Aletti. 
Private Customers 
“Private” customers comprises all private individuals, natural persons with private assets of less than Euro 
1 million, which are broken down into “Personal” and “Universal” customers: “Personal” customers are 
those with assets (deposits) of between Euro 50,000 and Euro 1 million, while “Universal” customers are 
those with personal assets of less than Euro 50,000.

--- Page 183 ---
175 
 
 
Products, Services and loans for private Retail Customers 
Current accounts 
During 2022, Banco BPM renewed the range of current accounts offered to the consumer target through 
the marketing of the new Webank account. Again with the aim of improving the user experience, speeding 
up the account-opening process, the remote customer identification through SPID (Public Digital Identity 
System) function was released in August. These initiatives are in line with the market trend that envisages 
paperless onboarding processes and are part of the initiatives of the .DOT programme.  
Starting from May 2022, a promotion on the Webank account fee was launched: this was a particularly 
competitive proposal, one of the best on the market, thanks to the specific characteristics of the offer and 
the promotion on the fee. The initiative made a significant contribution to acquiring new consumer 
customers. In October 2022, a promotion was also launched on the You account, targeting consumers who 
subscribe to the account through the digital onboarding process, available on the Bank’s commercial 
website. The initiative is a commercial acquisition opportunity and seeks to increase the customer base. At 
the same time, the new online recognition method through SPID was also released for the online opening 
of the single account-holder You account.  
Another offer that updated the product catalogue was the marketing of the new 4YOU account from June. 
The offer is reserved to private customers with an employment contract with companies, entities, large 
associations affiliated with Banco BPM. This activity is part of the process of streamlining the product 
catalogue. Other initiatives included the marketing at the beginning of the year of an account to support 
subsidised loans under the NRRP - National Recovery and Resilience Plan, as well as updates on ordinary 
consumer and non-consumer current accounts, and on the account reserved to condominiums. 
New Public Websites 
The development and management of the contents of the www.bancobpm.it website continued, with a 
particular focus on topics related to financial education, enhanced with more than 100 articles. The usage 
figures for the public websites (www.bancobpm.it and www.gruppo.bancobpm.it) recorded an increase in 
visitors of 40% compared to last year. At the end of the year, the overhaul of the mortgage simulator was 
completed and the application was created and released that allows an appointment to be made directly at 
the local branch from the public websites.  
As regards Banca Akros, in 2022, the public website saw the release of a new search and profiling engine 
for the “Certificates” section, which allows investors to quickly and intuitively consult products of interest.  
Transfer of tax credit originating from building bonus schemes - private customers 
In 2022, the Bank continued to purchase tax credits resulting from work to improve the energy efficiency 
of buildings or other subsidised building work carried out by private customers as part of the agreements 
entered into with Cherry Bank S.p.A.. During 2022, the applications submitted were worth around Euro 
195 million in terms of credit value (of which 68% Superbonus loans and 32% other tax bonuses). 
Omnichannel services 
In 2022, activities related to the development of the new omnichannel and full digital service model 
continued. Access to the online service through the “Signature Room”, already available on the web, was 
extended to the app; in addition to the provision of enabling tools (“Digital Identity” and “Signature 
Room”), efforts focused on the progressive enrichment of the catalogue of products and services available 
in SELF mode and Online (e.g. Nexi Card, Prepaid Card, Agos Loans, MP5 Policy).  
During the year, the new remote identification method was introduced through SPID: since the introduction 
of SPID, as many as 64% of the You accounts opened refer to customers recognised with this method and 
more than two out of three Webank accounts are opened in this way.  
ATM  
At the end of 2022, all Banco BPM ATMs were enabled for PagoPA payments (the payment system for 
public administrations and public service providers in Italy), addressing the need to create value in terms 
of profitability, efficiency of the ATM channel and customer service.  
Token

--- Page 184 ---
176 
 
 
Also in 2022, the transfer of expiring physical tokens to software tokens continued, in order to reduce the 
environmental impact and enhance the user experience, reaching a conversion rate of more than 80% of the 
customers involved in the campaign. 
Accessibility  
In 2022, the Accessibility project was launched to meet the need to comply with the new legislation of Law 
Decree 76/2020, which extended the provisions of Law no. 4 of 09/01/2004 (Stanca Law). The need to 
"provide services and provide usable information, without discrimination, even by those who, due to 
disabilities, require assistive technologies or special configurations" applies to private parties that offer 
services to the public, through websites or mobile applications. The process launched by Banco BPM 
envisaged an initial phase of checks on the accessibility of priority digital assets and is continuing with 
work to adapt and create new projects to comply with the guidelines dictated by the regulations.  
Mobile banking developments and investments: private customers  
Banco BPM has made the new Personal Financial Manager (PFM) and Insight Platform services available 
to all private customers subscribed to the online channel with access to the YouApp or Webank App. This 
initiative is part of Banco BPM’s new digital offering and allows private customers to optimise their 
financial management, through the introduction of new functions that allow them to set spending and 
savings targets, plan recurring transactions and analyse their expenses broken down by category and brand. 
The PFM allows Banco BPM to send personalised suggestions to users on different categories of 
movements: products, expenses, list of transactions and recurring transactions, customised according to the 
customer’s spending behaviour. 
The online channel was enhanced by two important e-money releases: Nexi credit cards, available for online 
sales from May 2022 for the branch network and from June 2022 for the Digital Branch, and at the end of 
the year, the Debit Business product, Banco BPM’s corporate debit card. The “self-service” channel also 
saw an expansion of the range of products that can be purchased online: in particular, in the second half of 
the year, Nexi credit card sale functions were released on both the Banco BPM and Webank platforms. The 
sale of Banco BPM’s Prepaid card was also extended to both platforms. In line with the development of the 
digital service model defined in the Business Plan, in 2023, the online and self-service channel will be 
progressively extended, offering an increasingly higher number of products and services.  
As regards the online trading sector, despite the complex geopolitical and economic scenario in 2022, online 
trading and investments recorded over 3.2 million transactions during the year, up 2% compared to the 
previous year. The overall result is due to the steady growth of transactions in derivative instruments by 
Webank customers (+47% yoy) compared to a reduction of -15% on the cash component, in line with that 
recorded by the main global stock markets for this type of instrument. The growing trend of Webank 
transactions was also made possible by the successful completion, in June 2022, of the migration of the 
order routing service on derivative markets from Banca Intesa to Banca Akros. App transactions continued 
to grow: in 2022, more than one customer out of two used this tool to manage stock market transactions, 
while transactions on mobile channels accounted for more than 20% of total orders. With the aim of 
recovering and supporting cash market transactions, a number of initiatives have been launched, the first 
positive results of which are expected in 2023. These include the use of new providers for time series and 
technical analysis tools and the expansion of functions linked to the securities alert system.  
With regard to business customers, the main projects undertaken in 2022 are illustrated below:  
• 
development of the YouBusiness app: the new functions implemented were identified on the basis 
of the main needs expressed by customers. Therefore, the following new services were released: 
payment of bills by QrCode, car tax, bank receipts, telephone top-ups, creation of the “Online 
documents” section and of the token app, thus optimising the customer “user experience”, reducing 
operating costs and helping to improve the Bank’s ESG rate. Over the next few months, the App 
will be enriched with new functions to offer additional mobile operations, accelerating the use of 
the channel by customers from a mobile first approach, expanding the availability of products and 
services on digital channels;  
• 
improvement of the YouBusinessWeb platform: at the end of 2022, the BFM (Business Financial 
Management) service was released, which enables customers to access important new functions such 
as the categorisation of transactions, the automatic reconciliation of invoices, the management of 
recurrent transactions and of the budget allocated to company projects also through simulations (via 
graphs) forecasting future income and expenditure. Through the BFM service, businesses, 
particularly small ones, can manage company cash flows independently.

--- Page 185 ---
177 
 
 
Customer Support and Development (CSD)  
In line with the objectives of the 2021/2024 Business Plan, efforts to support cross-selling in the various 
business areas were significantly boosted and 62 new resources were added to the unit, which led to the 
exponential growth of the proactive contacts managed.  
In 2022, collaboration with the Network channel focused mainly on the following areas:  
• 
the online offer, through the digital branch, of products relating to Nexi credit cards, Agos loans and 
multi-risk policies of Banco BPM Assicurazioni, working alongside the branch manager in customer 
relations, with a view to continuously boosting cross-selling and internal skills, by activating a new 
sales channel;  
• 
proactive contact with private customers and potential customers in the business world. In 2022, the 
percentage of Retail and Private customers contacted by the unit for commercial and caring purposes 
exceeded 14%, over double the figure recorded in 2021;  
• 
enhancing the use of digital identity;  
• 
management of the customer assistance service and customer relations as regards the Super Bonus.  
Within the scope of providing customer support, this was actively managed both through traditional 
telephone channels (toll-free numbers with operator and Interactive Voice Response - IVR, call-back 
service available in the App and website for a customer bracket) and written channels (email messages) as 
well as through a virtual assistant (web and mobile) and social media channels; the main areas of operations, 
in addition to the Superbonus 110, were as follows, in continuity with 2021:  
• 
assistance and navigation support to customers using home banking services, both for private Banco 
BPM customers and WeBank digital customers and companies using remote banking services 
(YouBusinessWeb);  
• 
management of telephone banking services (direct banking and trading operations) both for private 
Banco BPM customers and WeBank digital customers;  
• 
customer support during the before- and after-sales steps of the Webank online service, for all the 
products and services offered, in partnership with the virtual branch (representing the only 
communication channel between the Bank and the customer);  
• 
support to private WeBank and Banco BPM customers on topics relating to cards.  
Operator assistance activities, in terms of quantity, decreased in line with the objectives of the Business 
Plan, also thanks to inbound optimisation initiatives linked to prevention and the automation of contacts 
developed as part of the .DOT programme. Customer requests for self-service assistance increased, mainly 
due to the growth of the Virtual Assistant channel, which also saw the implementation of new customised 
functions and integration with the voice commands of the APP.  
E-Money - Payment cards  
In 2022, the process of digitalisation of Banco BPM e-money products continued. The introduction of 
digital identity and the signature room facilitated the preparation of new processes for the sale of Banco 
BPM products, also online, both through the online channel handled by the branch manager or the digital 
branch, and through the self-service channel, which allows customers to be completely independent in the 
purchase of a product online, from the selection of the product to the signing of contracts up to the receipt 
of the same at their home. From the second half of 2022, the network of Banco BPM branches and the 
digital branch have been able to offer Nexi credit cards for sale online.  
To facilitate the signing of documentation, the “signature train” function was also introduced for the sale 
of Nexi credit cards: thanks to this option, the sale process is quick and simple. The online offer of a product 
addressed to business customers was developed: the Debit Business card.  
The self-service channel also saw an expansion of e-money products that can be subscribed directly online. 
In particular, as of this year, customers subscribed to the Bank’s online services can purchase both the Nexi 
credit card and the Prepaid card independently and with a “full digital” process. These products can be

--- Page 186 ---
178 
 
 
purchased by Banco BPM and Webank customers both through dedicated Apps and online by accessing 
Internet banking. In 2023, new products are expected to be released on online channels (e.g. debit cards), 
in line with Banco BPM’s omnichannel development process and with a view to completing the range of 
products that can be subscribed for online. 
Over the course of 2022, Banco BPM continued along the path of Digital Innovation, digitalising the 
Individual Cartimpronta Credit Card and making Apple Pay available for all types of payment cards 
addressed to consumer customers.  
Also in 2022, customers showed significant interest in digital tools and the use of mobile payments, with 
an increase from 21,000 digitalised cards in 2021 to 196,000 cards in 2022, and with mobile wallet spending 
rising from a value of 11 million in 2021 to 186 million in 2022. The activation of Apple Pay was 
fundamental to this growth: in 2022, 67% of Banco BPM's digitalised cards were used through this wallet. 
In 2023, Banco BPM will continue along the path of digital innovation, extending the authorisation to the 
main OTTs (Apple and Google) for payment cards on the national circuit (currently only possible with 
Samsung Pay) and will enable company cards licensed by the Bank on all the main mobile wallets.  
Private mortgage loans  
In 2022, despite the increase in interest rates in the second part of the year, disbursements of mortgage loans 
to individuals were slightly below the result obtained in the previous year, which closed with a significant 
growth in volumes.  
The commercial offer of mortgage loans to individuals in 2022 confirmed Banco BPM as one of the key 
players in the domestic competitive arena. To further expand the offer reserved to its customers, Banco 
BPM has included the “Mutuo Promo a tasso variabile con Cap Green" (Promo Mortgage loan with a 
variable interest rate and Green Cap), characterised by the presence of a maximum rate (CAP), in the 
catalogue of mortgage loans to private customers. The new product has an interest rate that changes on the 
basis of the performance of the benchmark without, however, ever exceeding the contractually established 
threshold. Of the products offered, we draw attention to the considerable attention and appreciation by 
young customers of the “Mutuo You Giovani” (You Mortgage Loan for Young People), assisted by the 
presence of the Fondo Garanzia Prima Casa CONSAP.  
In 2022, the Bank promptly implemented all legal incentives to support households and businesses affected 
by natural disasters; in addition, internal moratorium activities continued in favour of households that found 
themselves in temporary difficulty: in 2022, 645 suspensions were granted to private customers for a total 
of 5,731 suspended instalments corresponding to approximately 4.5 million in suspended capital.  
Consumer credit  
In 2022, new personal loans disbursed reached a value of 1,233 million, up 27% compared to the previous 
year. Almost all of the personal loans were disbursed by Agos Ducato, a consumer credit company, whose 
products are distributed exclusively by Banco BPM; in the latter part of the year, new loans were also 
sustained by the online offer of Agos Personal Loans. During 2022, Banco BPM continued to pursue its 
objective of making a concrete contribution to increasing the green awareness of its current account holders 
by reserving a special offer to the same: the “Green” offer by Agos, through which approximately 3,000 
Banco BPM account holders were able to finance eco-sustainable expenditure, both in the field of green 
transport and energy upgrading. Lastly, to show that it understands the needs of households, in 2022, Banco 
BPM sponsored schemes relating to Agos personal loans, thanks to which the customers interested were 
able to benefit from advantageous conditions.  
Advances on severance pay for employees of the Public Administration  
Banco BPM continues to focus on the issue of advances on severance pay for Public Administration 
employees: in fact, the agreements signed with the country’s leading professional Institutions and 
Associations have been confirmed and further agreements are under negotiation. In total, 1,480 advances 
were granted in 2022 for a total of 156 million in credit facilities granted with drawdowns of 133 million. 
The total stock of advances amounted to 4,610 transactions with drawdowns of 345 million. 
Investment products  
In 2022, funding volumes on assets under management were mainly concentrated on flexible and bond 
products characterised by asset diversification and partnerships with the most prestigious investment houses

--- Page 187 ---
179 
 
 
continued: Anima SGR continues to be one of the main partners of the Group; particular attention was paid 
to ESG criteria in the selection and distribution of products in line with the provisions of Article 8 of the 
EU Sustainability and Finance Regulation. The asset management product catalogue was expanded with 
the proposal of dedicated flexible thematic funds, including Anima funds: Investimento Cyber Security & 
Big Data 2027, Investimento Smart City 2027, Investimento Smart Industry 2027, Investimento Globale & 
Infrastrutture 2027, Investimento Globale & Lusso 2027, Investimento Globale & Longevity 2028. These 
funds allowed customers to diversify their portfolios by investing in the sector linked to the relative issues 
and to have the opportunity of receiving an annual coupon flow. The catalogue also included new Flexible 
Bond funds.  
In 2022, the Group continued to distribute insurance products through its joint ventures with Vera Vita, 
Vera Financial and Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. In this regard, customers showed a preference for Multi-
segment products, which enable them to combine savings protection solutions with solutions able to take 
the best yield opportunities offered by the markets. As part of insurance investment products, unit-linked 
policies and ESG-oriented policies were also offered. With regard to Supplementary Pensions, the Group 
has constantly promoted the awareness and dissemination of dedicated products. Lastly, the Group 
continued to issue certificates and, keeping in line with customer preferences, the products maintained a 
financial structure that protects capital (Equity Protection).  
Bancassurance Protection  
In 2022, with the aim of pursuing a multi-channel offering also for non-life policies, the Bank further 
increased its distribution channels. The online offer of Banco BPM Assicurazioni's Home policy, available 
in 2021 only for branches, has also been offered since November 2022 through the digital branch. In 
addition, since December 2023, the estimates saved online by the branches (network or digital) can be 
purchased through YouApp. Since September 2022, the Home Risk policies of Banco BPM Assicurazioni 
and the fire policies of Vera Assicurazioni have also been available in combination with the mortgage loan 
offer. Since June 2022, the Multiprotection Business policy of Banco BPM Assicurazioni has been in the 
catalogue for small economic operators and small business customers.  
Listening to customers  
Also in 2022, great importance was given to listening to customers and monitoring experience levels, 
activities aimed at improving the service provided. In 2022, the relational Customer Experience, or 
Customer Satisfaction survey was conducted, involving over 210 thousand retail customers, Private 
customers and SMEs, of which 20% provided feedback via web questionnaire and the remaining 80% by 
means of a telephone interview. Satisfaction is measured using TRI*M, a numeric score ranging from 0 to 
100 provided by the assessments that customers provide regarding overall satisfaction, level of 
recommendation, likelihood of repurchase and economic convenience of Banco BPM. Another indicator 
used to measure satisfaction is the Net Promoter Score (NPS), which monitors how likely a Customer is to 
recommend Banco BPM. The Customer Satisfaction surveys also investigate satisfaction with the products, 
reputation, branch services, web channels and any problems encountered. In 2022, all of the satisfaction 
indicators measured recorded an improvement over the previous year. Banco BPM’s TRI*M index is 71 
(+3 points compared to 2021), while the NPS index is 24 (+1 compared to 2021). To monitor the quality of 
services provided, over 2,000 visits were made to Group branches, using the “Mystery shopping” technique. 
The visits confirmed a good level of service at branches, with particular regard to the relational aspect.  
In 2022, the process of developing the tools available to actively listen and oversee the customer experience 
as a whole made considerable progress. In fact, Banco BPM has further expanded the use of the Customer 
Feedback Management (CFM) platform, a tool able to easily manage the various surveys addressed to 
customers and collect instant feedback. Introduced in 2020, to date the CFM platform has collected 
approximately 310 thousand feedbacks (130 thousand at the end of November 2022), overseeing all levels 
of Customer Experience listening, from relational aspects to those concerning digital interactions and the 
purchase of products and services. The great potential offered by the CFM platform, combined with 
continuous internal communication activities and the involvement of most of the Bank’s departments 
(Marketing and Sales in particular), have also made it possible to gradually spread a culture of continuous 
improvement also with a view to sustainable processes. In this regard, the front-lines (primarily Customer 
Centre and Commercial Network) were strengthened, to re-contact customers following negative feedback 
and for the proactive resolution of problems that have arisen. In addition, the availability of artificial 
intelligence tools, used to process high volumes of feedback, made it possible to organise inter-functional

--- Page 188 ---
180 
 
 
work groups with the aim of providing a solution to the requests made by customers. The areas of 
intervention mentioned above are part of the “Close the loop” initiatives launched by the Group.  
Research  
In 2022, to complement the customer experience monitoring, 13 customised research projects were 
conducted, with a view to addressing topics which, during the year, needed to be examined in more depth. 
More specifically, numerous surveys were conducted on ESG topics to support Group departments, on 
brand perception and positioning, on the development of new products and services and on the improvement 
of existing ones. Research was also carried out for the collection of Voice of the Employee suggestions to 
fine-tune new online offer processes and to improve existing products and services and commercial 
initiatives. In 2022, as well as involving specific targets, these surveys also made use of the Customer 
Feedback Management (CFM) platform and the “Insquadra” (Inteam) Community Panel, which has 
represented another channel to encourage listening to customers since 2019, with the involvement of around 
2,000 private customers and 500 business customers. Customers that participate in Banco BPM research 
activities contribute to the Group’s decision-making process, by providing ideas and sharing experiences 
and impressions. In addition to the above, whenever Business customers participate in a survey, they 
contribute to the donations made to the AIRC Foundation (Foundation for Cancer Research), therefore 
supporting the partnership between the Group and AIRC. 
Corporate Customers 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 470 thousand corporate customers with a current 
account. 
The distribution of customers (unique customers with current accounts) by turnover level confirms the 
significant concentration in the class of up to 25 million (approximately 99%) already recorded in previous 
years, attesting to the vocation of Banco BPM Group in its relations with medium-sized companies. 
The distribution of Corporate customers includes a significant proportion of small and medium enterprises, 
for which the Group further strengthened its activities in 2022.  
Specifically, business was developed with dedicated products and services, which are outlined below. 
Collection and payment services  
Significant growth trends were also confirmed for 2022 in the field of transactional services: in particular 
for transactions referring to payments through the “PagoPA” circuit and to payments by bank transfer in all 
its forms (especially if urgent and immediate). These results were also achieved through promotional 
training sessions regarding Webank customers. In particular, the campaign was limited to customers who 
had never made a fast payment, with a view to encouraging them to understand and appreciate this tool. 
During the year, Banco BPM guaranteed its contribution to the working group which, within the ABI and 
under the direction of the ECB, is analysing the possible adoption of the euro in digital format and the 
various implications of the same, from both an operational and regulatory perspective.  
E-money - POS  
The number of POS transactions with debit, credit and prepaid cards grew by 30% in 2022 compared to the 
previous year. In this regard, Banco BPM reached and exceeded the target of 140,000 POS terminals 
installed in commercial and service activities, Entities and the Public Administration. In 2022, the 
Innovative Digital Omnichannel Sales process led to the modernisation of the product catalogue with the 
launch of the new Mobile POS terminal model, intended primarily for small businesses and freelance 
professionals. During the year, the full development of targeted sales promotions was confirmed with 
recurring offers for the period and the profiling of vertical proposals by customer segment, also making the 
sales process more efficient and less costly. During the last quarter, a campaign was also launched to expand 
the acceptance of the American Express circuit with “small business” operators. Lastly, for the whole of 
2022, in support of the widespread acceptance of low-value transactions, Banco BPM maintained zero 
commission on transactions with PagoBANCOMAT cards for amounts of less than 5 euro for all of its 
merchants, which has been in place since 1 January 2021.

--- Page 189 ---
181 
 
 
Looking forward, again as regards Digital Omnichannel Sales projects, the analysis and development 
phases of the SMART POS range have been completed and the launch and release of the online offer 
channel for the entire POS product catalogue is now imminent in 2023. 
Loans and lending  
The lending products that comprise the various catalogues seek to meet their main and most frequent 
requirements: investment, working capital, liquidity, expansion, advances, cash flexibility, unsecured loans. 
Also in 2022, work continued to improve and update the types of loans, with a view to guaranteeing a 
catalogue of products that is always able to meet market needs and at the same time can be successfully 
distributed by the Commercial Network. 2022 was characterised by a boost in the development of products 
to support companies in the transition towards a sustainable economy as regards ESG. In this regard, 
lending products with a "Sustainability Objective" were made available to customers, with a view to 
accommodating businesses that want to embark on a virtuous path towards sustainability, with less impact 
on the environment (Environmental), inclusion policies and supporting the local community (Social) and 
organisational enhancement (Governance). The new financing solution called “Unsecured Business Loan 
with Sustainability Objective” makes it possible to enhance the virtuous path undertaken in the ESG area 
by companies, whose added value is given by the possibility of connecting an ESG covenant to the loan, 
with a rewarding effect on the spread if the objectives agreed at the time the loan is stipulated are achieved. 
Activities also continued to pursue financial solutions to support SMEs in their energy transition and 
investments in renewable energy plants; with regard to these, the Bank offers dedicated funding solutions 
to companies that invest in RES plants (the acronym includes forms of energy whose exploitation does not 
imply an impoverishment of the original source) also in line with NRRP objectives.  
Specifically, in addition to offering specialist support in the form of Specialised Lending and Project 
Finance, Banco BPM has defined an ad hoc methodology for the preliminary and finalisation phases of this 
type of loan, with the aim of improving the ability to analyse these interventions, envisaging the following 
steps:  
• 
definition of the best solution in terms of financing based on the type of transaction set in place by 
the customer;  
• 
technical analysis of the plant conducted by technicians that meet the professional standards 
established by the Bank and, where possible, the measurement of the CO2 emissions avoided;  
• 
specific guarantees and safeguards to finance RES plants.  
As part of the “Sustainable Investments 2020-2023” programme, an agreement was signed in 2022 with 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, called “CDP Investimenti Sostenibili”, aimed at creating and selling loans to be 
allocated within a specific ceiling of 300 million addressed to SMEs and Mid-Caps focused on energy 
efficiency, green financing and sustainable investments Banco BPM, as part of the product initiatives 
launched with the NRRP programme:  
• 
joined the Ministry of Tourism, Italian Banking Association and CDP Convention related to the 
“Fondo Rotativo Imprese (FRI) to support businesses and investments in development (FRI Fund)”. 
The product consists of a medium/long-term co-financing with Bank and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti 
funding at a subsidised rate and the disbursement of a non-repayable plant grant on the resources 
allocated, with a mandate granted to it by CDP to assess the creditworthiness of the company;  
• 
the agreement of the Ministry of Tourism for the management of financial resources within the scope 
of the NRRP was implemented, activating the Special Tourism Section of the SME Guarantee Fund 
to facilitate access to credit by hotels that are involved in agritourism. In particular, Banco BPM 
made the Unsecured Loan and the Mortgage Loan with SMEGF guarantee - Special Tourism Section 
available to its customers;  
• 
has developed products and sales initiatives to support customers in the application and assignment 
phases of incentives through participation in tenders, also as regards measures for the digitalisation 
of the Public Administration, Agri-Solar Farms and Agri-Food Logistics. In addition, with regard to 
tax receivables, collaboration with Cherry Bank S.p.A. continued, confirming the offer of specific 
products to support the financial cycle of the renovation/energy efficiency work for residential 
buildings by private customers, condominiums and businesses, such as:

--- Page 190 ---
182 
 
 
• 
Anticipo Superbonus Consumatori (Advance of Superbonus to Consumers) designed to provide 
financial coverage for the time between the start of works on site and their completion (at progress 
of work or overall) with the consequent monetisation of the tax credit transferred; 
• 
unsecured loans to condominiums (Credito Condominio (Condominium Credit), Credito 
Condominio Energy Efficiency Italia (Condominium Credit Energy Efficiency Italy)), to fund 
building upgrade and energy efficiency costs, also for the part of the works paid for by using the 
consideration resulting from the transfer of said tax credit to Cherry Bank, alongside the existing 
opportunity to fund the cost of the works up to 100%, including VAT, net of the tax credit sold to 
the enterprise through discount on invoice;  
• 
Anticipo Contratti Riqualificazione Edifici (Advances on Building Upgrade Contracts), addressed 
to businesses, to obtain financial coverage for the time between the start of works on site and their 
completion (at progress of work or overall) with the consequent monetisation of the tax credit 
transferred to the intermediary, the Bank’s commercial partner.  
Smart Lending  
In 2022, through the online channel, customers continued to be offered short-term loans to be paid in 
instalments to support business liquidity or to facilitate the payment of taxes/wages. An offer was activated 
that envisages the possibility of signing the transaction online by having customers sign loan agreements 
directly through their YouBusinessWeb workstation using the “signature room” function. With this offer, 
the digitalisation of the loan instalment application and granting process was completed, and can now be 
carried out entirely online.  
Invoice Financing  
To improve access to financial services by businesses, an activity plan is at an advanced stage, with a view 
to extending the type of receivables transactions that may be requested through the YouBusinessWeb 
channel. During the year, the release of new functions related to advances on Italian invoices without the 
transfer of receivables, to the management of the invoice schedule and the related advances, and to the 
request for an extension of a document and related advance was completed. The development of the project 
will continue with the release of the advance function for other types of products (advances on Italian 
contracts and subsidies on documents and invoices) through the digital channel, as well as the possibility 
for the customer to attach supporting documentation for the relative request.  
Other activities to support and increase business loans  
The Bank continued its commitment to measures to support businesses, both in the emergency period 
resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic, and especially afterwards, in compliance with the measures 
established to combat the effects of the conflict in Ukraine. The schemes implemented in 2022 in this regard 
mostly entailed arrangements required to promptly implement the support measures and subsidies dictated 
by a series of laws, such as Law Decrees and ABI Agreements. Specifically, the following activities were 
gradually updated and made available:  
• 
loans secured by the Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium Enterprises (pursuant to the Liquidity 
Law Decree, as amended, 2022 Budget Law, Aid Law Decree, as amended);  
• 
unsecured agricultural loans backed by the ISMEA 100% direct guarantee pursuant to Article 20 of 
Italian Law Decree no. 50 of 17 May 2022 (Aid Ter DL).  
Agrifood  
The traditional and consolidated focus on businesses in the agrifood sector continued successfully through 
the synergistic presence of Agricultural Sales Specialists in all Territorial Departments, to support the 
network in the phases of contact and visits to businesses in this sector. Activity in the primary sector in 
2022 (still affected by Covid but above all by the Ukraine crisis) saw a considerable increase in the prices 
of raw materials (fertilisers, feed and fuel). To meet the liquidity needs of businesses in the segment, the 
Bank made loans with a 100% ISMEA guarantee (pursuant to Art. 20 of the Aid Law Decree). With regard 
to Rural Development Programmes (RDP), business opportunities continued to receive support from the 
“RDP we are with you 100%” initiative which, through a modular mix of products from the “Semina

--- Page 191 ---
183 
 
 
Catalogue”, is able to meet and sustain investment needs also in view of the CAP (Common Agricultural 
Policy) reform planned for 2023. 
Lastly, based on the experience gained in relation to the Supply Chain and District Projects with CDP-
MIPAAF funds (IV Tender), Banco BPM participated, again as the lender bank, in the V Tender, which 
entails the commitment of significant resources from the NRRP. Lastly, in 2022, in line with the Bank’s 
lending policies, the use and implementation of the credit assessment procedure for agricultural businesses 
to support applications was consolidated. These transactions, together with the presence of specialised 
professionals and the whole range of “Semina” lending products, make Banco BPM one of the Italian banks 
with the highest focus on the monitoring and development of the agrifood segment.  
Subsidised Financing and Guarantee Bodies  
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to disburse subsidised loans to businesses and households, with a view to 
facilitating access to credit and reducing its cost. These loans feature public guarantees (e.g. Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs, ISMEA Guarantee Funds, European Investment Fund-EIF, SACE, Guarantee Fund for the 
First Home, etc.), or are granted by the Bank using funds obtained at advantageous conditions (e.g. funds 
of the European Investment Bank or of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (state-controlled fund and deposit 
institution)).  
During 2022, the most significant initiatives were as follows:  
• 
loans to SMEs, to be allocated to the EIB “Synthetic Securitisation” ceiling, amounting to 
approximately 900 million, made available on the basis of the agreements with the EIB concluded 
at the end of 2021;  
• 
use of the SACE guarantee lines to support SMEs and Mid-Caps for both liquidity and investment 
needs directed towards research and development and/or technological innovation;  
• 
extension of the SMEGF guarantee to new short-term loans and unsecured loans, actually 
implementing a legislative provision already covered for some time by the Operating Provisions of 
the SMEGF and allowing a more extended use of risk mitigation tools, such as the direct SMEGF 
guarantee.  
Guarantee instruments for enterprises  
Considering the importance of guarantees in facilitating access to credit, the utmost impetus was given to 
guarantee operations, which are ancillary to the disbursement of credit, by subscribing/adhering to specific 
agreements and contracts with the managers and providers of guarantees. Banco BPM is also active in the 
main national subsidised guarantee instruments, including:  
• 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs, specialised in protecting bank loans granted to support business financial 
needs;  
• 
ISMEA (the Italian Institute for Services for the Agricultural Food Market), formerly the SGFA (the 
Italian Agricultural and Food Management Fund), dedicated to issuing direct or subsidiary 
guarantees, co-guarantees and counter-guarantees to agricultural companies;  
• 
SACE, in the form of the “SACE Italy Guarantee”, “SACE Mid Cap Guarantee”, “SACE 
SupportItalia Guarantee” and “SACE Green Guarantee” (both under an arrangement with SACE 
and outside of the same), the latter to meet the parameters envisaged in the European Regulation 
and Taxonomy of “green” activities (Reg. EU no. 852/2020).  
The above-mentioned guarantees benefit from the ultimate guarantee of the State, which allows the Bank 
to lower the production costs of lending and to apply special terms to the guaranteed loans. These 
interventions entailed compliance with the regulations issued on each occasion, starting with Law Decree 
no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (“Liquidity” DL) and subsequently the 2022 Budget Law as well as Law Decree no. 
50 of 17 May 2022 (“Aid DL”), as amended. The collaboration with the Confidi continued with the final 
signature of the new version of the convention by all Guarantee Entities and Financial Intermediaries and 
with the addition of new Confidi (Confidi Sardegna and Confeserfidi), consolidating their support of local 
businesses. Dedicated loan products were also launched in accordance with the provisions of the “Ukraine 
Law Decree” in order to exploit the opportunity of the counter-guarantee issued by the Central Guarantee 
Fund. Lastly, the Bank also continued to work with various foundations, by virtue of agreements entered

--- Page 192 ---
184 
 
 
into over time, which regulate operations as regards measures to contrast usury with regard to the funds 
allocated by Italian Law 108/96 “Anti-Usury Law”, also to meet the liquidity needs of individuals with 
overt economic difficulties and problems accessing credit. 
Other State subsidies for businesses  
With regard to other schemes that benefit SMEs, Banco BPM also participates in different initiatives that 
envisage tax relief (interest rate subsidies or non-repayable grants/plant and equipment grants) dictated by 
various national and regional regulations, thus confirming its close deep-rooted relationship with the local 
communities served.  
Partnership with the CBI  
Starting from October, Banco BPM participated in an initiative led by the CBI consortium to set up a system 
database that allows real-time consultation of invoices and the percentage of advances already granted to 
applicant customers at other institutions. If these developments are successful, significant improvements 
will be made to customer risk profile analyses as regards advances on invoices and mitigating the risk of 
possible fraud.  
Transfer of tax credit originating building bonus schemes - businesses and condominiums  
In 2022, customers belonging to the businesses and condominiums segment again had the 
opportunity to transfer tax credit originating from work to improve the energy efficiency of 
buildings or other subsidised building work, in the same way as private segment customers. For 
the Retail channel, in relation to the two segments in question, the applications submitted in 2022 
had a credit value of approximately 289 million. 
Corporate 
Banco BPM’s Corporate function is the organisational structure that manages medium and large-sized 
corporate customers, through the centralised management of activities with a high specialist content and in 
areas with high added value and directly oversees the Corporate Commercial Network. 
The Corporate Commercial Network is organised on a territorial basis according to a model developed and 
consolidated over the last few years and which saw, in 2022, an increase in the number of units in high 
potential areas. This model has proven to be efficient in guaranteeing commercial and territorial coverage 
through: 
• 
a central unit which directly handles business governance; 
• 
5 Corporate Markets, broken down, in turn, into 21 Corporate Centres; 
• 
over 150 managers who, together with dedicated analysts, assist companies in their operations, with 
a strong focus on business development; and 
• 
a Large Corporate unit, with several local offices (Milan, Turin, Verona, Bologna, Rome), which 
focuses on serving customers with a turnover exceeding Euro 1 billion. 
Corporate customers 
In 2022, the Corporate segment includes approximately 10,900 Mid Cap companies and approximately 
1,100 Large Corporates, for a total of approximately 10,600 target companies, having a current account 
with the Group as at 31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2022, the total number of corporate customers 
amounted to approximately 10,900 (of which approximately 7,000 had taken out loans) and the total 
number of corporate groups was equal to approximately 3,200 (of which 2,800 had taken out loans). 
Corporate business strategy 
In a complex scenario, which has suffered both the consequences of the pandemic period and the economic 
impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the constant monitoring of corporate customer relations, invaluable 
for providing them with optimal and targeted support, was more strategic than ever. This support took the 
form of prompt responses to customer needs that are constantly evolving.

--- Page 193 ---
185 
 
 
The role of relationship managers was fundamental, as they form the heart of the Corporate commercial 
network and work in close synergy and coordination with the Corporate Management Units and the centres 
of excellence. 
Oversight took place in two fundamental areas:  
• 
Support to deal with the energy crisis: in view of the considerable increase in the cost of energy and 
raw materials in general, Banco BPM made the so-called “energy fund” available. This is an 
allocation of 5 billion to support corporate customers in limiting the effects resulting from the high 
cost of energy and raw materials and which takes the form of solutions dedicated to the financing of 
stocks and raw materials made available at advantageous financial and technical conditions;  
• 
Support to ESG projects: in 2022 Banco BPM reconfirmed its commitment to supporting ESG 
projects and the “green transition” of its customers, in line with the objectives defined in the 2021-
2024 Strategic Plan. The Corporate function has integrated these elements in the management of its 
commercial activities, also in consideration of the fact that transition risk represents a key variable 
in business positioning and in the development and growth projects of its corporate customers. In 
2022, the continuation of disbursements relating to the “2020-2023 Sustainable Investments” fund 
of a total of 5 billion, 80% of which has already been allocated, thanks above all to transactions 
related to Green Project Finance, Real Estate and through Sustainable Linked Loan transactions, 
both bilateral and pooled, is an important part of this initiative. Alongside the "Sustainable 
Investments" fund, the development of dedicated products continued, with a view to providing 
targeted support to the green projects and investments of Corporate customers, both concerning 
transactions with highly personalised structures, as well as more standardised transactions developed 
directly by the Corporate Commercial Network. 
Offer to customers - focus on the ESG component 
ESG loans, loans attributable to anti-crisis measures (e.g. backed by SACE guarantee) and expansion of 
the offer catalogue to support the “green transition” 
In 2022, the development of the system offering dedicated loans to Corporate customers followed a dual 
approach: on the one hand, continuity was pursued, aiming to make the processes related to solutions 
already in place more effective and efficient, as in the case of interventions backed by public guarantees; 
on the other hand, innovation was pursued, introducing new tools able to stimulate and support the “green 
transition” of customers. This is consistent with the current scenario, affected by pervasive “ESG oriented” 
phenomena and processes. Initiatives aimed at enhancing relationships with customers operating in green 
sectors or with negligible transition risk are also included in this perspective. Lastly, activities continued in 
synergy with the various units of the Bank, functional to the evolution and development of solutions, 
products, services and tools to be able to seize the opportunities associated with the measures envisaged in 
the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP). 
Support to the green transition: development of the offer and dedicated commercial initiatives 
In 2022 efforts to provide support for the “green transition” of corporate customers became increasingly 
important. This commitment entailed the disbursement of appropriately identified loans to enhance the 
interventions in the Real Estate area (e.g. urban redevelopment or energy projects), Project Finance and 
more generally the improvement objectives of specific green or ESG KPIs pursued by corporate customers 
as part of the development and growth process. The introduction of the “Unsecured Loan with Sustainability 
Objective” was significant, a tool dedicated to supporting businesses in their path towards more sustainable 
business models from an ESG perspective, thanks to the adoption of "ESG" objectives (ESG KPIs - 
contractual covenants), to reward and motivate companies that commit, in various ways, to improving their 
green sustainability and, more generally, ESG profile. Particular attention was also paid to supporting the 
investments of companies operating in naturally green sectors or in sectors with low transition risk, to which 
specific commercial initiatives were dedicated. Again in support of the “green transition”, in 2022 the loans 
backed by the SACE Green Guarantee were increased, also thanks to the implementation of the partnership 
management approach. This guarantee is part of a wider European “Green New Deal” programme, which

--- Page 194 ---
186 
 
 
encompasses a set of measures in response to the climate emergency, and which envisages achieving the 
neutrality of polluting emissions by 2050. 
Other commercial initiatives: synergies with Banca Aletti and Banca Akros  
With a view to the growth and development of synergies, the Corporate function developed the “Insieme” 
project with Banca Aletti, to acquire new Private customers through Corporate channels, by exploiting 
existing customer relationships within the Group. Also its collaboration and synergy with Banca Akros 
continues to be significant, the latter specialising in Capital Markets (interest rate, exchange rate and 
commodity hedging) and Investment Banking (Equity Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets, M&A, 
Securitisation and Advisory segments).  
The role of public guarantees to sustain the Italian economy  
In 2022, with the progression of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the instrument of SACE Italy Guarantee, 
widely used in 2021, was replaced by the launch of loans backed by the so-called SACE Supportitalia 
guarantee. These instruments were used to deal with the fluctuating market dynamics, alongside other 
public subsidies (e.g. those connected with projects linked to the NRRP).  
Other distinctive activities  
In 2022, the use of the “Sales4Change” commercial interaction platform was further developed, which 
contributed to achieving commercial objectives. The purpose of these developments was to optimise its use 
to the advantage of the Network, in order to improve customer service, in a context of digital innovation. 
Project work is continually evolving and will continue in the near future as well, with a view to achieving 
a fully integrated digital ecosystem.  
Hedging financial risk  
In 2022, Banco BPM Group reaffirmed its activity of providing specialised support to corporate customers 
in managing interest rate, exchange rate and commodity risks, through the Corporate & Investment Products 
unit of Banca Akros. Customers are assisted by a group of sales advisors and specialists, located in different 
geographical areas, equipped with superior technical and commercial skills. 
The development of new products and services also continued: the most recent innovative activities include 
hedging of ESG rates, which comply with sustainability parameters, allowing companies to also hedge the 
risk relating to fluctuations in the price of gas. In 2022, there was also an increase in exchange rate and 
commodity hedging, while interest rate hedging slowed down compared to the previous year, mainly due 
to the trend in market rates.  
Purchase of trade and tax receivables without recourse  
During 2022, Banco BPM extensively developed services relating to the purchase from its customers 
without recourse of trade, fiscal and tax receivables, held both vis-à-vis private companies and Public 
Administration entities, including tax credit relating to Law Decree 34/2020 (so-called Super Ecobonus). 
The activities performed in this regard seek, first and foremost, to support the production chains using an 
instrument that in recent years has proven to be particularly effective in optimising a company’s working 
capital. The experience acquired by Banco BPM in this area is demonstrated above all by its ability to enter 
into customised agreements with leading companies that wish to optimise the opportunities available to 
manage supply credit/debt, while at the same time offering effective financial services to their suppliers. A 
particularly important market position was consolidated in the purchase of tax credits deriving from the so-
called Super Ecobonus, an activity that has allowed customers to take advantage of the important tax 
benefits provided. Consolidating its leadership position in this specific set of activities has been possible 
also thanks to the innovation of internal procedures, with a view to facilitating operating aspects in the 
bank-customer relationship. This innovation will be fully completed through the adoption of a new 
operating platform that is part of a broader global digitalisation project currently in progress.  
Structured finance  
In 2022, structured finance activity further consolidated its assistance to Group customers with regard to 
more sophisticated lending transactions, made with institutional and industrial counterparties which, as 
regards the purpose of the loan and/or its amount, require a personalised and specialised approach. In 
general, however, it should be noted that customer interest in this type of service increased during 2022

--- Page 195 ---
187 
 
 
given both the strategic value linked to this type of transaction and post-pandemic effects. The performance 
of this segment improved compared to the previous year, also thanks to the economic situation, for all 
performance parameters (capital, economic and operating). More specifically, Corporate Lending activity 
recorded a very significant increase in the number of transactions made, and in the commission collected. 
Activities carried out for Financial Sponsors, an area in which the Bank maintained its leadership position 
in the SME segment, recorded a particularly positive year thanks to the general improvement in market 
conditions and the maintenance of a high flow of transactions. Moreover, the particular financial market 
context further facilitated the increase of both the number of transactions carried out and the number of 
Sponsors financed. Project Finance activity maintained the excellent performance data recorded in 2021, 
thanks to the consolidation of relations with several operators, and the participation in several transactions 
related to very important infrastructure projects. Looking forward, the launch of the projects relating to the 
NRRP and the geopolitical scenario should have important and positive repercussions on activities in the 
years to come. Real Estate activity maintained the business levels recorded in the previous two-year period, 
thanks to the continuing interest that institutional, and international, operators continue to have in areas in 
which the Bank boasts consolidated expertise. Over 200 structured finance transactions were concluded in 
2022, for a total resolved amount of around 8 billion. Of these, around 100 transactions (for over 5 billion 
in loans subscribed), relate to Corporate Lending. This is followed, in terms of number and relative 
volumes, by Leverage transactions (50 transactions for around 1 billion), Real Estate transactions (over 40 
transactions, for around 1 billion) and lastly Project Finance transactions (approximately 20 for a total of 
around 900 million), thus confirming the role of Structured Finance as an important driver for the 
development of relations with the Group's most dynamic and sophisticated customers. 
Foreign operations and trade finance  
In a context of economic growth, but also of unprecedented complexity (the Russia-Ukraine war, shortages 
of raw materials, the euro/dollar trend), activities related to internationalisation processes and the promotion 
of imports/exports recorded significant growth in 2022. In particular, the first part of the year, characterised 
by the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, entailed the structure making considerable efforts to support 
customers and the Network in managing contracts (with related transactional flows) underway in the 
countries affected by the new penalty mechanism.  
Dedicated network and foreign goods unit  
Despite the complexity of the situation, 2022 maintained a positive trend in international trade and the 
dedicated Foreign Operations and Trade Finance unit was able to exploit this growth, significant increasing 
its market share, above all in terms of exports, and providing constant and proactive support to its 
customers. This support was provided through the dedicated commercial network, made up of more than 
60 reference specialists across Italy, who have superior technical and commercial skills and are, therefore, 
able to best support companies in their internationalisation activities. Of the joint initiatives set in place, to 
maximise its presence for customers belonging to leading export sectors (plant and machinery, mechanics), 
meetings were organised that involved foreign specialists and colleagues from Trade & Export Credit with 
a view to informing and training customers on the Supplier's Credit instrument, enriched, in the last part of 
the year, by the possibility of discounting bills backed by a policy issued by Euler Hermes, as well as by 
SACE. In addition, in terms of operational support, the Group also has foreign-goods units located 
throughout the country, more specifically in Milan, Legnano, Verona, Modena, Bergamo and Lucca. In 
particular, the above units handle operations relating to documentary credits and documented remittances, 
while those regarding international guarantees are handled centrally by a dedicated unit called CUGI and 
based in Milan. The common objective is to provide customers with a high-added value service that 
guarantees consistent returns in terms of commission income, while at the same time carefully and promptly 
monitoring the considerable technical-operational risks. Overall, the Operations unit currently has about 
100 members of staff and manages foreign documentary transactions, as illustrated above, with the 
exclusion of electronic receipts and direct remittances (i.e. the open account area).  
Financial Institutions  
In the third quarter of 2022, the Financial Institutions Group (F.I.G.) returned to making regular trips abroad 
after a two-year suspension due to the constraints imposed by the health emergency, continuing to oversee 
the main foreign markets with the primary purpose of guaranteeing adequate credit lines to support 
customers’ import and export business. To support the export business, adequate trade credit lines have 
been implemented and renewed, both ongoing and temporary, for foreign banks; with regard to imports, 
the F.I.G. was able to preserve existing credit lines and implement new ones due to the targeted trips made

--- Page 196 ---
188 
 
 
in the latter part of the year in the three main Asian countries of interest to customers, and by maintaining 
regular contact with foreign correspondent banks, through videocalls. For the purpose of providing suitable 
coverage for Trade Finance operations with Countries/Banks considered risky or problematic, the Financial 
Institutions Group renewed its participation in the respective trade facilitation programmes of the main 
supranational banks: EBRD, IFC, ADB. By managing the foreign Representative Offices in Mumbai and 
Hong Kong, the unit has helped customers who operate, or intend to operate, in the areas of responsibility 
of these offices.  
Foreign Products and Services  
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to provide assistance to companies operating in foreign markets, responding 
to the changed financial requirements of business operators by working with institutional entities and 
implementing the measures set in place by the Government to provide financial support to Italian exports. 
In line with the growing importance of offering a range of digital services, in 2022, Banco BPM continued 
its integration of new cutting-edge channels, with both information and order functions, addressed to 
companies that work with or intend to work with firms abroad. More specifically, the “BancoBPM Trade 
World - your ally abroad” channel allows access to international markets and contact with selected 
commercial partners, thanks to the YouWorld and YouLounge platforms: 
• 
YouWorld is the information platform to support foreign trade, which provides details of potential 
suppliers or foreign customers organised by country, type of good or services handled. A total of 
around 900 companies were using the service at December 2022;  
• 
YouLounge is the B2B platform to promote its own products/services through a virtual showcase, 
accessible through Banco BPM's e-banking. Together with a further 12 leading international partner 
banks, it participates in the Trade Club Alliance which covers 60 countries and includes over 23,100 
selected companies worldwide. As at December 2022, over 1,500 corporate customers utilised 
YouLounge.  
With regard to Foreign operations, the digital offer is completed by a third-party portal, YouTrade Finance, 
which enables goods operations to be managed online (international guarantees - already operational, 
documentary credits, operational for the import phase), simplifying and optimising the bank-customer 
relationship, and able to guarantee maximum safety (i.e. the use of digital signatures) through guided 
procedures. Approximately 500 customers use the service.  
Agreements with leading institutions  
In order to expand the support to customers that operate in the complex field of internationalisation, Banco 
BPM has joined numerous associations through its managers specialised in Foreign Operations and Trade 
Finance, or has agreements in place with leading institutions (including ICC Italia International Chamber 
of Commerce, Credimpex Italia, De International Italia and SACE) aimed at offering customers 
professional support based on in-depth knowledge of regulatory techniques and methods, instruments and 
rules relating to the world of international trade. Regarding relations with the Chambers of commerce, in 
2022 Banco BPM maintained its collaboration with the German-Italian Chamber of Commerce (CCIG), 
the Russian-Italian Chamber of Commerce, as well as with DE International Italia. This company, which 
belongs to the CCIG, offers a wide range of services for the internationalisation and promotion of forms of 
cooperation (business days, B2B meetings between Bank customers and foreign operators) with a particular 
focus on the German area, a region of Europe of particular interest for exporting Italian companies.  
Trade and Export Finance  
The Trade and Export Finance unit encompasses all export finance activities with the support of 
SACE/SIMEST, the Group’s international structured finance and Export Finance transactions and Trade 
Finance transactions such as supplier's credit. In 2022, development continued of buyer's credit transactions 
with SACE, SACE Push strategy and of supplier's credit with SACE coverage, and several important 
international transactions were concluded, both as regards export finance and commodity finance and 
international corporate, creating new trade relations and consolidating existing relations with industrial 
groups active in the US, Chinese, Swiss, Belgian and German markets. An important area of development 
during the year was the support provided to global energy traders who, due to the diversification of the 
sources needed by Italy, find themselves working more intensively with Italy. The focus in the SACE and 
ECA area was characterised by the expansion of relations with major Italian exporters, SACE, Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti, international banks and international corporations. Also in 2022, the sector in question

--- Page 197 ---
189 
 
 
participated in some financing operations with EU green taxonomy and green KPIs. The development of 
relations with international corporations is always highly selective and aimed at creating the greatest 
number of commercial opportunities for the corporate network and investment banking. Particular focus is 
dedicated to the major players in the energy transition. The average size of supplier's credit transactions 
grew considerably, as did the activity in international guarantees with SACE coverage. Since the beginning 
of its activity, 25 international financing transactions have been concluded, mostly with senior roles. 
Sustainable finance culture and ESG training initiatives for customers  
In 2022, Banco BPM confirmed its support for companies that intend to launch or develop their own path 
towards the green transition, not only through dedicated financing solutions, as illustrated above, but also 
by promoting awareness and knowledge of the opportunities available. In order to actively spread a 360-
degree ESG culture and encourage customers to reflect on the impacts of a correct ESG approach, in 2022 
training meetings (webinars) dedicated to Corporate customers were held, which involved highly qualified 
technical partners, external to the Bank. 
Institutional 
The “Institutional” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financing 
products/services and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at bodies and institutions (UCIT units, 
SICAVs, insurance companies, pension funds and banking foundations). Those activities are conducted in 
an equal amount by the Commercial Network of the Parent Company, for “local institutional” 
counterparties, and by specialised branches, for “systemically-important institutional” counterparties. 
Institutional counterparties are the main supervised entities such as insurance companies, non-banking 
finance companies, SGRs, “società di intermediazione mobiliare” (“SIMs”), open and closed-end mutual 
funds, banking foundations, social security and welfare funds and pension funds. Furthermore, institutional 
counterparties include the state, constitutional bodies, the central state bodies and some companies in which 
the central public administration has a stake, as well as regional authorities, healthcare organisations, 
hospitals and large municipalities. 
Relations with the Institutional counterparties are monitored through a complete service model, which 
includes managers and specialised employees and a dedicated branch. 
With a view to achieving greater efficiency in the management of relationships, the Group’s services have 
been harmonised and commercial partnerships have been developed with Banca Akros and Banca Aletti to 
provide a more comprehensive and specialised range of services. In 2022, activities related to securitisations 
continued, within which Banca Akros acted as arranger and institutional customers as purchasers of the 
senior notes, thus implementing a path complementary to the more traditional one of direct loans, to support 
the real economy. Particular attention was paid to the financial support of companies associated with the 
MEF (Ministry of the Economy and Finance) that operate in the energy sector (i.e. Gestore Mercati 
Energetici (Energy Markets Authority) and Gestore Servizi Energetici (Energy Services Authority), 
providing them with financial support to sustain the Government’s energy policies. 
Commercial partnership with allies external to the Group 
The Institutional function is also tasked with supervising and coordinating the unit dedicated to centrally 
managing commercial alliances with partners external to the Banco BPM Group. 
These alliances are governed by specific commercial partnership agreements, which envisage a range of 
products addressed exclusively to the customers of the external alliance, through a dual distribution 
channel: 
• 
“off-site” offer, through external financial advisors; 
• 
“on-site” offer, through dedicated branches, in the financial shops of the commercial ally. 
Centralised commercial management takes the form of a dedicated unit, included within the Institutional 
customers, Entities and Third Sector Function, which has 17 branches spread across Italy.  
Thanks to a direct supervision through a wholly dedicated unit, the Group is able to continuously update 
agreements in light of any legislative changes, to obtain a better economic return and to carefully monitor 
operational risks especially with regards to anti-money laundering legislation.

--- Page 198 ---
190 
 
 
The market for the off-site offer of banking products and services outside the Group through the networks 
of financial advisors belonging to groups that do not have banks within their perimeter represents an area 
with strong potential for the Group, especially in light of the organisational model specifically adopted and 
the know-how acquired to date by Banco BPM. 
Entities and Public Administration  
Pursuant to EU Regulation 549/2013 on the European System of National and Regional Accounts, entities 
and public administration, or also public sector customers consist of: 
• 
Public administrations, which in turn include central administrations (state and constitutional bodies, 
ministries and their departments, etc.), territorial administrations (regions and autonomous 
provinces), local administrations (provinces and municipalities) and Social Security and National 
Insurance entities; 
• 
Public Companies, namely parties that produce goods and/or services for sale, or which are a public 
corporation, or which are controlled directly or indirectly by the Public Administrations, under 
specific laws, decrees or regulations. 
The Public Sector function is responsible for managing the segment from a commercial, regulatory and 
administrative perspective. The activity, in relation to the acquisition of relationships and the management 
of the Public Administration, is conducted with particular focus on the commitments and critical issues that 
arise, on the limitations of operational risks, of image, of credit and from a commercial perspective. 
Banco BPM holds UNI EN ISO 9001:2015 quality certification for the management of treasury and cash 
services and loans to the Public Administration. 
Third-Sector and Religious Entities 
Third sector and Religious entities are represented by Third Sector Entities (TSE) enrolled in the new 
RUNTS (Single National Register of the Third Sector) and non- profit non-enrolled entities, amateur sports 
associations, Federations recognised by Coni, as well as dioceses, parishes, congregations and religious 
orders. The segment also includes trade unions and political parties.  
The regulatory framework of the Third Sector has recently changed and is constantly evolving. At the 
beginning of the year 2022, in fact, various activities related to the census of third sector entities were 
implemented, to capture all the peculiarities of the TSE and, from December 2022, a new section was 
implemented in the procedure for the internal management of customer records, which enables all the 
essential characteristics of this rapidly evolving customer segment to be recorded, tracked and monitored 
over time. 
The third sector represents a “central” customer segment in terms of interest in ESG issues, and Banco 
BPM has strengthened its sales efforts towards these customers through a dedicated unit, with specialists 
in each geographical area of action of Banco BPM.  
The commercial initiatives for 2022 included: 
• 
economic support measures for investments relating to the NRRP, in social and ecological transition, 
and in post-pandemic support by granting new loans for liquidity needs triggered first by the 
pandemic and, subsequently, by the energy and inflation crisis, exacerbated by the war in Ukraine;  
• 
the collaboration with KPMG for a study on social impact banking, to finalise activities concerning 
the new metrics for measuring the social value of investments, according to ESG logic;  
• 
the granting of a new loan for social impact projects (so-called Social bonds);  
• 
the management and monitoring of activities relating to the Third Sector Portal, launched in 2021 
and dedicated to customers in this segment, which is directly linked to Banco BPM’s institutional

--- Page 199 ---
191 
 
 
website (https://www.bancobpm.it/terzo-settore/). Through this site, customers can contact the 
dedicated specialist office, which provides advice and facilitates opening new accounts;  
• 
the sponsorship of the third edition of the “Cantieri Viceversa” laboratory, organised by the National 
Forum of the Third Sector, to ensure the matching of the demand for and the supply of funds between 
Third Sector entities. 
Private 
The “Private” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financial products/services 
and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at private customers with assets that, individually and/or within 
their business, amount to at least Euro 1 million. These activities are carried out by Banca Aletti. 
To support development activities, in line with the strategy of previous years, efforts were made, in concert 
with Banco BPM, to create opportunities to meet potential customers through several local events. 
During the first half of 2022, the new territorial model of the Private Banking Network was created in Banca 
Aletti, which led to the definition of 7 Areas, with 30 associated Branches and 22 remote branches. In line 
with Banco BPM’s strategic plan, which envisages an increasingly pervasive approach to cross selling, 
2022 saw the launch on a national scale of the new model for synergy with the Corporate and Business 
world.  
During the second and third quarters of 2022, all partnerships in the area were activated, with the presence 
of Private Branches, Corporate Centres and Business Centres. This activity was accompanied by structured 
collaboration with the Investment Banking division of Banca Akros. The set of activities made a significant 
contribution to the collection of new assets and to the extension of the customer base. 
Investment Banking 
The “Investment Banking” segment includes the structuring of financial products, access to regulated 
markets, and the support and development of specialised financial services. These activities are carried out 
by Banca Akros and by Oaklins Italy S.r.l., fully owned by Banca Akros. 
Corporate & Investment Products 
This division has four departments: investment products, corporate sales, debt capital markets and 
securitization & structured solutions. This division ensures the development of an integrated offer to 
customers of Banca Akros products and services, in coordination with Banco BPM.  
 Banca Akros signed an important partnership with the European Investment Fund (EIF) to promote their 
“closed-end” fund AMUF, exclusively for Italy, with institutional investors.   
Trading and market making activities on own account 
The Group carries out market making and trading on own account in government bonds and securities, 
interest rates, exchange rates, shares and other financial derivatives, over-the-counter market making on 
Government securities and bonds and market making on stock options and future stocks. It also executes 
transactions with professional customers and qualified counterparties in repurchase agreements and 
securities lending on bonds and shares. 
Brokerage activities 
Banca Akros engages in equity trading on behalf of third parties on stock exchanges and on MTFs and also 
bond trading. 
Corporate Finance 
Banca Akros offers a wide range of financial advisory services in the M&A area (i.e. sellside mandates, 
buyside mandates, fairness opinions, etc) to a diversified customer base including private equity investors, 
corporates and families. 
Banca Akros manages equity capital markets transactions, including capital increases of companies and 
banks. It also coordinates public bids and acts as Sponsor for market segments upgrades or/and in relation 
to demergers and listings.

--- Page 200 ---
192 
 
 
Cross Asset Products & Solutions 
Banca Akros has a team of professionals with a cross asset products expertise for Financial Institutions, 
that covers worldwide accounts and offers a wide range of products, combining three main segments: Flow, 
Solutions and Investments. Flow: encompasses the distribution of a universe of debt products, from liquid 
public bonds issued by corporate and financial institutions across the capital structure to tailor-made 
privately placed ones. Solutions: embraces financing, yield enhancements strategies as well as hedging 
products and strategic trades. Investments: includes a variety of payoff from Fixed Income to Interest Rate 
& FX Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes as well as Capital Guaranteed products.  
The aim of the team is to develop and distribute value-added products as well as tailor-made solutions to 
non-captive clients in order to satisfy their evolving needs as well as market trends leveraging on synergies 
across the Group. 
Insurance 
The Insurance sector is the segment in which the contributions to the consolidated financial statements of 
the interests held in Banco BPM Vita, Banco BPM Assicurazioni, Vera Vita and Vera Assicurazioni 
converge. As from 1 July 2022, Banco BPM Vita and Banco BPM Assicurazioni have been consolidated 
on a line-by-line basis following the acquisition of control of such companies. 
Strategic Partnerships 
The “Strategic Partnerships” segment includes the contribution of shares held in Agos Ducato, Alba 
Leasing, Selmabipiemme Leasing, Gardant Liberty Servicing and Anima Holding. 
Corporate Centre 
The “Corporate Centre” segment, in addition to governance and support functions, includes the portfolio 
of owned securities, the treasury and the Group’s asset and liability management, the stock of bond issues 
placed on institutional markets, the activities relating to the Group's leasing business, equity investments 
not allocated between Strategic Partnerships and companies operating in the real estate sector.  
Finance 
Banco BPM is the centre of coordination and oversight for the management policies of the structural items 
of the Group’s own assets and liabilities and those of the other Group companies, geared towards optimising 
the available capital, identifying appropriate operations and funding strategies for the Group, through 
actions on domestic and international markets, as well as controlling liquidity needs and their dynamics, 
and also managing the securities portfolios and other financial instruments owned by the Group. 
The operations of Group Finance are divided into the following operating units: Funding and Capital 
Management, Banking Book and ALM, Trading and Funds and Group Treasury.  
Funding and Capital Management 
Funding and Capital Management is responsible for the funding of the Group and manages its EMTN and 
covered bond programmes. It also arranges medium/long-term bilateral financing transactions with various 
market counterparties. 
ALM and Investments 
The management of interest rate risk in the banking book is carried out centrally within a specific delegated 
department, and the primary objective of management decisions is to mitigate the rebalancing of the 
dynamics of economic value volatility with the volatility of interest margin as the rate curve changes of 
monetary and financial market in general, in accordance with the provisions of specific regulations (BCBS, 
EBA and the Bank of Italy). 
The Group utilises an integrated Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) system with the aim of calculating 
the risk measurements that also include the use of behavioural models and measures, and management is 
primarily based around a “natural hedge” model, which tends to pursue a natural compensation of the risks 
generated by the gaps in liabilities and assets. The items in which the hedges are present are mainly demand 
items, bond issues, mortgages and the securities portfolio.

--- Page 201 ---
193 
 
 
Group Treasury 
The achievement of Banco BPM’s objectives in terms of short-term liquidity coverage indicators (Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio), both for the Group as a whole and for its individual legal entities, has led to the 
deployment of effective synergies with the other organisational units involved (specifically, Collateral 
Management and Liquidity Risk). 
Funding on the money markets is intended to optimise available collateral and reduce the cost of financing 
by seeking the best conditions and greater diversification of sources of funding both in euro and in foreign 
currencies. 
Fund management 
The Corporate Centre segment also comprises the activities relating to Banca Aletti’s portfolio 
management, whose net fee and commission income from trading and performance, based on a logic of 
allocating resources to the different segments, and analysing the relative performances defined by the 
Group, is not allocated to the Private Banking Network.  
With reference to the assets managed, the investments made were characterised by a reduction in the equity 
component in the first months of the year, underweight, down compared to the initial overweight; 
subsequently, the proportion of this asset class was reduced as the macroeconomic, monetary and financial 
conditions changed towards more restrictive attitudes. The average duration of the bond portfolio was kept 
constantly underweight, given the restrictive monetary policies put in place and planned by the Central 
Banks due to the significant rise in inflation.  
In the second part of the year, after maintaining a high level of liquidity to protect assets, steps were taken 
to invest what was available in government bonds with short-term maturities, with decidedly positive 
nominal rates of return. Investments in the corporate bond markets were maintained in an underweight 
position, given the deterioration of macroeconomic aggregates and due to the sensitivity of the asset class 
to a rise in official rates. Investments in financial assets exposed to exchange rate risk were kept close to 
neutral, with a main focus on the US dollar, which during the year appreciated significantly for various 
reasons, including the ability to generate higher returns, and by virtue of its status as a safe haven currency. 
As at 31 December 2022, assets under management totalled Euro 3.2 billion, as compared to the Euro 3.5 
billion recorded in 2021. 
Leases 
Starting from financial year 2022, “Leases” are no longer shown as an “operating segment” used as a 
benchmark to analyse performance and to prepare disclosures pursuant to accounting standard IFRS 8. The 
economic contribution of Leases was therefore included in the “Corporate Centre” segment, albeit subject 
to continuous internal monitoring, given the size of the managed portfolio as at 31 December 2022, equal 
to approximately Euro 1.1 billion gross. The portfolio of the Leases segment, managed in run-off, as there 
is no provision for the stipulation of new transactions or the disbursement of new loans on those in effect, 
includes the assets relating to the contracts of the former Banca Italease and the former Release, both 
merged into Banco BPM. 
During the year the segment in question underwent a restructuring of credit exposures attributable to a 
leading real estate group (known as “Project Wolf”), aimed at pursuing active management of the properties 
underlying the aforementioned exposures, with the support of a specialised partner, Aurora Recovery 
Capital S.p.A. (AREC) and the arrival of new funds provided by third-party investors to finance the 
development of real estate. In particular, the transaction envisaged the sale of loans, for a gross value of 
461.1 million, to the special purpose entity for securitisation Lilium SPV, as well as the transfer of lease 
contracts and related properties to a LeaseCo (Ninfa LeaseCo S.r.l.). 
Real estate segment 
Real estate activity involves the management of the Group’s capital assets and the development and 
potential disposal of the non-operating assets. Following the incorporation of the subsidiaries Bipielle Real 
Estate and Release into the Parent Company during the year, the reorganisation of the real estate segment 
was completed. In 2022 the Group focused on increasing the efficiency of the spaces occupied and reducing 
their management costs, continuing with the market rationalisation plan that envisages the release of third-
party properties and/or empty or only partially occupied ones.

--- Page 202 ---
194 
 
 
Environmental, Social and Governance Matters 
The Group aims to ensure that its development is sustainable over the long-term and compatible with the 
interest of all its stakeholders. For this purpose, environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters are 
increasingly incorporated within its business model, operations and processes. 
Sustainability Governance 
The Group’s sustainability governance encompasses the following bodies: 
- 
Board of Directors, which defines the management and coordination policies regarding non-
financial disclosure, the socio-environmental policies and approves annually the Group’s non-
financial statement and the associated materiality analysis. One member of the Board of Directors 
is designated as “contact person for ESG issues” for the Control, Risks & Sustainability Committee; 
- 
Control, Risks & Sustainability Committee, which supervises sustainability issues as well as – 
including through the Director delegated by the Committee itself on ESG, “sustainability and social 
responsibility” issues – the activities connected with the drafting of the Group’s non-financial 
statement. 
- 
Environmental, Social and Governance Management Committee, established by the Board of 
Directors, is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprises the two Co-General Managers 
and several other managers of the Group among its permanent members. Its main tasks include 
evaluating the Group’s positioning and coordinating all the activities required to achieve the 
strategic sustainability objectives; 
- 
ESG Operational Committee, reports directly to the ESG Committee and operates with the aim of 
strengthening and implementing the integration of sustainability within the Group’s business and 
coordinating the various activities; 
- 
The Sustainability Structure, has the objective of overseeing and giving greater impetus to all the 
Group’s ESG activities and ensuring their disclosure to all stakeholders. 
ESG Strategy 
In 2021, under the leadership of the ESG Committee and in light of an analysis of regulatory requirements, 
but also expectations of the financial market and best practices of national and international competitors, 
the Group reviewed its strategic ambition and launched an internal assessment intended to involve all of 
the Group’s units in a significant process of sustainability. 
In February 2021, the Group identified the following seven areas of activities and related 32 projects 
(involving 12 Group’s units and more than 50 dedicated employees), which will aim to strengthen and 
achieve the integration of sustainability within the Group’s activities and business: 
- 
Governance: (i) review of internal ESG policies, (ii) expansion of ESG key performance indicators 
integration in management remuneration policies and (iii) appointment of ESG Ambassadors in the 
various corporate departments; 
- 
People: (i) focus on integration and diversity, and in particular on female empowerment, with a 
target to achieve more than 33% of women in managerial positions in 2023 and (ii) extension of 
ESG training pans; 
- 
Risk & Credit: (i) integrate climate-related and environmental topics within the risk and lending 
processes, (ii) development of portfolio transparency exercises to measure climate-related risks in 
key sectors and geographies and (iii) conducting specific climate risk stress tests and scenario 
analyses which also consider the Paris Agreement; 
- 
Customers – Business: (i) supporting the green transition process and (ii) developing customer 
engagement skills on ESG issues; 
- 
Customers – Wealth Management: (i) development of ESG investment product offerings and 
appropriate disclosure to customers, (ii) integration of ESG considerations into product selection 
and advisory activities and (iii) reporting to customers on the effects of their investments on 
sustainability risks and objectives;

--- Page 203 ---
195 
 
 
- 
Environment: continue the reduction of environmental impacts in order to achieve carbon neutrality 
(with respect to scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions) in 2023; and 
- 
Stakeholder engagement and measurement: (i) analysis and selection of international sustainability 
initiatives in line with the Group's values, policies and objectives, (ii) definition of metrics for 
measuring the indirect impacts of the Group’s funding and (iii) development of disclosure in line 
with industry best practices; 
Main actions taken by the Group 
The main actions taken by the Group with respect to its ESG strategy relate to four main areas: (i) 
customers, (ii) local communities, (iii) human resources and (iv) environment. Such actions are linked to 
specific United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals. 
Customers 
The Group developed the following commercial initiatives to support its customers while aiming to protect 
the environment: 
• 
offering of loans to enterprises operating in green and low-risk transition sectors, with Euro 10.3 
billion in new green disbursements, or 55.6% of disbursements 2022; 
• 
offering of green mortgages with the aim of favoring the energy efficiency of buildings, with Euro 
620 billion in green residential mortgages during 2022; 
• 
purchases of tax credits related to energy requalification and seismic risk reduction, with Euro 1.52 
billion in tax credits purchased; 
Local Communities 
The close relationship with the Group’s communities and territory is one of the most important assets and 
is further developed mainly through: 
• 
supporting initiatives in the fields of art and culture, solidarity and social, sports, educational and 
training, research and health, environment and the region fields, leveraging on the seven foundations 
established by the Group; and 
• 
offering products and services in favor of non-profit organizations. 
Additionally, in 2022 the Group contributed approximately Euro 5.6 million to trade associations, 
organisations involved in financial activity and training, culture and promotion of social responsibility. 
Human Resources 
The Group launched a programme dedicated to women, to encourage the development of managers and 
professionals through training courses, mentoring and coaching, managerial activities, shadowing and job 
rotation, which enable them to gain extensive experience and integrate the know-how acquired in their 
professional career, with personalised paths that reflect the individual’s aspirations and potential. 
Environment 
The Group aims to safeguard the environment by reducing the impact of its activities, mainly through: 
• 
energy management activities: in 2022, ther Group reduced its total energy consumption by 12% 
with respect to 2021 In addition, 100% of the electricity consumed was generated from certified 
renewable sources (Guarantee of Origin GO), avoiding the emission of approximately 25,800 tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions, resulting in a reduction of energy consumption and carbon 
dioxide emissions; 
• 
corporate mobility: the management of the company fleet is based on precise criteria of use aimed 
at promoting environmentally friendly practices (car pooling, replacement of the company fleet and 
improvement of the video-conference system);

--- Page 204 ---
196 
 
 
• 
focus on consumables, waste disposal and recycling: procurement of recycled and Blue Angel 
certified paper (Blue Angel certification guarantees that the materials produced are completely free 
of polluting whitening substances with a PCF Process Chlorine Free certified); predominant use of 
regenerated toner; 
• 
prevention of crimes committed in violation of environmental protection legislation: the investment 
properties of the Group are carefully managed in order to avoid the commission of crimes in 
violation of the environmental protection legislation; 
• 
Net Zero Banking Alliance: in March 2023 Banco BPM resolved to join the Net Zero Banking 
Alliance (NZBA), thus requiring the aligningment of the Bank’s credit and investment portfolio to 
achieve net zero emissions by 2050, in line with the targets set by the Paris Climate Agreement. The 
decision to join NZBA followed a careful analysis and evaluation, which led to the identification of 
five priority areas for target communication within 18 months of membership (namely, oil & gas, 
power generation, cement, automotive and coal). 
Risk Management 
In line with regulatory requirements, the Banco BPM Group has adopted a unitary system of risk 
measurement and control which will be run centrally by Banco BPM. 
Within the Banco BPM Group, the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) permits the Group to manage risk 
profiles in a comprehensive and integrated way. The RAF is deemed as a strategic tool to define in advance 
how much risk the Bank is willing to take pursuing its strategic objectives. 
The framework of risk appetite is developed taking into account the business model adopted by Banco BPM 
and affects all its main internal processes, playing an important role in managing the Bank in a sound and 
prudent way. 
The RAF sets out, in line with the business model and strategic plan, maximum permissible risks, the 
Bank’s attitude to risk, risk thresholds and limits, risk management policies and the relevant processes 
required to define and implement them in accordance with the requirements of applicable prudential 
banking regulations. 
The “Risk Management” division is responsible for these activities and has responsibility for overseeing 
the processes required to identify, quantify, monitor, manage and report the risks to which the Banco BPM 
Group is or may be exposed, under business as usual and stressed conditions, in line with the strategies and 
policies of the Banco BPM Group’s corporate bodies. 
In pursuance of the main objective of guaranteeing sound and prudent risk management, the Banco BPM 
Group’s risk management strategy is based on organisational oversight, adequate risk qualification and 
management, asset coverage, a comprehensive system of values and business incentives and a suitably 
effective and efficient organisational model, with the aim of minimizing the impacts on risk profile also 
through a risk mitigation and transferring strategy, protecting the Issuer’s asset and financial base and 
preserving the reputation of the Banco BPM Group. 
Between the end of the second and the first half of the third quarter of 2022, the process of updating Risk 
Identification was completed. The new elements compared to 2021 include: (i) the extension of the Risk 
Identification process to the insurance companies Banco BPM Vita and Banco BPM Assicurazioni; (ii) the 
definition of specific risk factors for ESG issues and for the insurance business; (iii) in the ESG area, the 
breakdown between climate-related issues and those of governance and social sustainability. 
Inspection activities and proceedings conducted by the ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB on Banco 
BPM S.p.A. 
As regards targeted inspections and proceedings, Banco BPM was subject to a number of inspections and 
proceedings from 2017 to 2022. At the date of this Base Prospectus, as illustrated in detail below, several 
inspections are still underway or are pending receipt of the “Final follow up letters” or the “Final Decision”. 
In particular:

--- Page 205 ---
197 
 
 
• 
in a letter dated 15 December 2022, the ECB announced the start of an inspection (OSI-2022-
ITBPM-0220761) to assess cybersecurity risk management. The inspection, which started on 30 
January 2023, is currently ongoing and is being conducted in a hybrid (on-site/off-site) manner; 
• 
in a letter dated 3 October 2022, the Bank of Italy announced the start of an inspection to verify the 
compliance of the automatic cash recirculation devices at some branches in the Sicily region. The 
inspection started on 18 October 2022 and ended on 26 October 2022; 
• 
in a communication dated 17 August 2022, the ECB announced an "IMI" on-site inspection to assess 
the material change to the IRC methodology model, for which Banco BPM (also for Banca Akros) 
submitted a request for a material change to the IRC (Incremental Risk Charge) market risk 
parameter calculation methodology model for the completion of the IMI_2019_ITBPM_4145 
inspection action plan. The inspection commenced on 5 September 2022 and was completed on 28 
October 2022. On 11 January 2023, the Bank received the final IMI decision approving the requested 
change, allowing the removal of the add-on to the IRC and requiring two corrective actions of limited 
scope, which are currently underway;  
• 
in a letter dated 10 August 2022, the ECB announced the start of an on-site inspection (OSI-2022-
ITBPM-0198569) on credit and counterparty risk, with the objective of assessing the compliance of 
the framework for the implementation of IFRS9 and reviewing the overall credit risk management 
arrangements (policies, methodologies, procedures and governance) with respect to specifically 
identified asset portfolios subject to a credit quality review. The inspection started on 17 October 
2022 and ended on 17 February 2023. The Bank is waiting to receive the inspection report to be 
followed by the ECB’s final decision; 
• 
in a letter dated 8 June 2022, the ECB announced the start of an on-site capital adequacy inspection 
(OSI-2022-ITBPM-0197382) to assess the management of the ICAAP. The inspection started on 26 
September 2022 and ended on 24 November 2022. On 28 March 2023, the Bank received the 
inspection report and is waiting to receive the ECB’s final decision; 
• 
in a letter dated 20 December 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an off-site inspection (IMI-
2021-ITBPM-0180439) on internal models relating to credit risk for the following exposure classes: 
Corporate - Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other non-SME; Retail - Other SME; Retail - 
Qualifying revolving; Retail - Secured by real estate non-SME; Retail - Secured by real estate SME. 
The inspection follows an application made by Banco BPM to ECB for material changes to the 
internal models used to calculate capital requirements for credit risk, made also following the 
transposition of the EBA Guidelines on the topic, which became effective on 1 January 2022. The 
above-mentioned inspection started on 14 February 2022 and ended on 20 May 2022. On 18 
November 2022, the Bank received the inspection report and is waiting to receive the ECB’s final 
decision; 
• 
in a letter dated 11 November 2021, Bank of Italy announced the beginning of an off-site inspection 
as regards transparency, with a view to assessing fulfilment of the obligations deriving from the 
implementing provisions of Directive 2014/92/EU, the “Payment Accounts Directive”. The off-site 
inspection started on 11 November 2021, and from 22 November 2021 it continued as an on-site at 
several branches and it concluded at the end of January 2022. On 27 June 2022, Banco BPM received 
the results of the inspection, which revealed anomalies relating to issues important for the protection 
of customers and requiring corrective action, some of which is restorative in nature. On 21 October 
2022, Banco BPM submitted its corrective action plan to the Bank of Italy, which is currently being 
implemented; 
• 
in a letter dated 1 October 2021, Bank of Italy announced the beginning of an on-site inspection 
regarding the prevention of money laundering, with a view to confirming compliance with the 
obligations envisaged by Legislative Decree no. 231/2007, also through an assessment of the 
legislative, procedural and control structure in a single branch (Verona): the inspection phase 
(initially on-site) which started on 4 October 2021, it completed off-site on 21 December 2021. On 
18 August 2022, Banco BPM received the results of the inspection, which highlighted certain 
weaknesses in the area of due diligence and in the active cooperation process with regard to the

--- Page 206 ---
198 
 
 
management of relationships with the cooperative companies under investigation. On 29 December 
2022, Banco BPM sent the corrective action plan, which is currently being implemented; 
• 
in a letter dated 2 September 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection (OSI-
2021- ITBPM-0177592) to assess the adequacy of the first pillar capital requirement calculation, 
including all accessory aspects; the on-site phase started on 25 October 2021 and ended on 23 
December 2021. On 4 August 2022, Banco BPM received the final follow-up letter and on 30 
September 2022 submitted the corresponding corrective action plan, which is currently being 
implemented; 
• 
in a letter dated 23 March 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an inspection (OSI-2021- ITBPM-
0180228) entitled “Credit and counterparty risk - Credit Quality Review of CRE portfolio and assess 
selected credit risk processes” with the objective of reviewing the asset quality of the Commercial 
Real Estate (“CRE”) portfolio and assessing the credit risk management processes and the control 
and governance systems. The off-site phase started on 26 April 2021 and ended on 5 November 2021. 
The analysis focused on how credit risk was managed in relation to the portfolio under review, in 
particular the criteria for granting new loans and forbearance measures for perimeter exposures, the 
identification of specialised loan categories, the quality of appraisals, the process for classifying and 
valuing real estate and foreclosed assets, and the rules in place in this regard. On 29 July 2022, 
Banco BPM received the final report (dated 26 July 2022), which identified areas for improvement 
in this respect; on 7 February 2023, the ECB sent the draft decision with proposed recommendations 
and qualitative requirements, including in relation to the portfolio under review; The Bank submitted 
its comments on the draft decision on 15 March 2023 and received the final decision on 21 April 
2023.  
This final decision contains “requirements” and “recommendations” of a qualitative nature, mostly 
related to organisational measures and concerning the commercial real estate lending and monitoring 
process, the framework for the valuation of commercial real estate collateral and the internal control 
and credit risk management system related to commercial real estate lending. 
In particular, with regard to commercial real estate exposures, the ECB requested in the final 
decision that the Bank strengthen its decision-making process for the granting and monitoring of 
loans, ensure appropriate prudential treatment of specialised lending and speculative lending 
exposures, and update its procedures to provide a more complete and up-to-date information 
framework for valuers performing property valuations. In addition, the Bank was requested to revise 
the indicators of probable default for CRE counterparties, to strengthen the internal control 
framework for perimeter portfolios and to supplement the internal rules for the management and 
monitoring of these exposures.  
The plan to implement actions to meet the ECB's requirements, approved by the Bank's Board of 
Directors on 29 May 2023, includes 16 remedial actions with varying timelines that have already 
been planned and/or initiated and, in some cases, completed. The plan as a whole will be completed 
by December 2024; 
• 
in a letter dated 12 August 2020, ECB announced the beginning of an off-site inspection with the 
purpose to assess the institution’s application for the approval of a new definition of prudential 
classification of default (constituting a material change to the estimate of Credit risk under Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 529/14) (IMI-2020- ITBPM-4738); the off-site phase started on 14 September 2020 
and ended on 13 November 2020. Banco BPM received the final decision on 7 May 2021 and on 15 
June 2021 sent the corrective action plan, which is currently under way; 
• 
in a letter dated 26 September 2019, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection with the 
purpose of assessing the “approval of internal model related to Credit risk (CCF/EAD; ELBE; LGD 
for performing assets; LGD for defaulted assets; PD) for the following exposure classes: Corporate 
- Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other SME; Retail - Secured by real estate non-SME; Retail - 
Secured by real estate SME” (IMI-2019-ITBPM-4141). The on-site phase started on 14 October 
2019 and ended on 19 March 2020. In a letter dated 4 March 2021, Banco BPM received the final 
decision which confirms the authorisation to adopt model changes, providing for some qualitative 
measures for the most part aimed at strengthening the internal regulation, as well as limitations -

--- Page 207 ---
199 
 
 
regarding the estimation of the margin of conservatism and the method of calculation of Loss Given 
Default (LGD) - in the application of the models, with effect on regulatory reporting as of 31 March 
2021. The remedial action plan is currently under way. Most of the recommendations will be subject 
to closure as part of the "model change" activities included in the request for modification to internal 
models referred to the inspection IMI-2021-ITBPM-0180439; 
• 
in a letter dated 14 April 2019, CONSOB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection with the 
purpose of assessing the procedures and controls connected to the product governance, the provision 
of investment advice and the adequacy of the clients (OSI-Consob-2019). The on-site phase started 
on 14 April 2019 and ended on 3 December 2019; on 30 July 2020, Banco BPM received a technical 
note pursuant to which CONSOB, while not launching a sanctioning proceeding, has highlighted 
certain aspects. On October 16, 2020, the Bank submitted to the Authority the relevant corrective 
action plan, which has largely already been implemented; 
• 
in a letter dated 13 February 2019, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection with the 
purpose of assessing the “Market Risk Model validation (VAR, sVAR, IRC) for debt instruments 
category – specific risk; Forex risk” (IMI_2019_ITBPM_4145). The on-site phase started on 14 
May 2019 and ended on 19 July 2019; Banco BPM received the final decision on 16 November 
2020 (which authorized the adoption of the new model) and on 16 December 2020 it submitted the 
remedial action plan and the related activities were completed during 2022; the termination of one 
of the commitments related to the CRI measure resulted in a so-called “material model change”, 
which required a prior application to the supervisor. The relevant application was submitted in 
January 2022 and the corresponding on-site verification was conducted by the ECB in September of 
the same year. On 11 January 2023, the bank received the final IMI decision approving (also for 
Banca Akros) the requested change allowing the removal of an add-on to the IRC; the two additional 
corrective measures requested, of limited scope, are currently being planned.;  
• 
in a letter dated 6 July 2018, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection (TRIM-2018-
ITBPM-3914) concerning the Europe-wide targeted analysis program of internal models relating to 
credit risk (PD; LGD and CCF) with reference to the “Corporate - Other” and “SME” portfolios. 
The on-site inspection phase started on 17 September 2018 and ended on 16 November 2018; Banco 
BPM received the final decision on 7 October 2020 which includes binding prudential measures and 
recommendations; on 5 November 2020 Banco BPM submitted the remedial action plan, which is 
currently under way. The recommendations currently in an advanced state of finalization will be 
closed with the request for modification to the internal models set forth in Inspection IMI-2021-
ITBPM-0180439; 
• 
in a letter dated 11 December 2017, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection 
concerning the internal models relating to credit risk (PD and LGD) with reference to the 
“Corporate” and “SME” portfolios. The on-site inspection phase started on 19 February 2018 and 
ended on 20 April 2018 and Banco BPM received the final decision on 25 April 2019. The remedial 
action plan, submitted on 24 May 2019, was included in the internal model changes referred to the 
inspection IMI-2019-ITBPM-4141; and 
• 
Bank of Italy: on anti-money laundering in the private banking sector of the subsidiary Banca Aletti, 
with particular reference to the services offered to high net worth customers. The on-site phase 
started on 28 February 2022 and ended on 13 April 2022. Banca Aletti received the results of the 
inspection on 14 September 2022, which did not reveal any compliance issues. On 14 October 2022, 
Banca Aletti sent the corrective action plan, which was limited to the implementation of measures 
to strengthen controls, some of which were already underway at the time of the inspection. 
Legal Proceedings of the Group 
As of 31 December 2022, the provisions allocated against all existing legal and tax disputes, including cases 
associated with enforcement actions, totalled Euro 83.8 million.  
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory context which exposes it to a wide variety of legal proceedings, 
relating, for example, to the conditions applied to its customers, to the nature and characteristics of the 
products and financial services it sells, to administrative irregularities, to clawback actions for bankruptcies, 
and to labour law disputes.

--- Page 208 ---
200 
 
 
Ongoing Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
The main legal and administrative proceedings in which the Group is involved as of the date hereof are as 
follows: 
Proceedings related to the diamonds reporting activities 
A criminal investigation is pending with regard to the diamonds sales activity involving IDB and the various 
reporting banks, including Banco BPM. The criminal offences under investigation are alleged fraud and 
related self-laundering, obstacle to the supervisory authorities’ functions and corruption among private 
parties. The inquiry involves also managers and former managers of Banco BPM Group (including the 
former General Manager), the Bank itself and its subsidiary Banca Aletti for administrative offence 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. In the context of the inquiry, on 19 February 2019, the Milan 
Public Prosecutor’s Office carried out at Banco BPM a precautionary seizure for a total amount of 
approximately Euro 84.6 million. In addition, in September 2020 the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan 
served those former managers and several employees of the Group with a notice of conclusion of the 
preliminary investigations as part of proceedings also relating to the operations in diamonds referring to the 
offence of fraud, which does not change the overall charges previously communicated by the judicial 
authorities. 
In February 2021 an indictment against the defendants was filed for the contested crimes, including 
administrative offences pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 231/2001 against Banco BPM and Banca Aletti. 
During the preliminary hearing, which began on 19 July 2021, the Judge declared its lack of jurisdiction 
for proceedings involving the former managers and employees of the Group in relation to the crimes of 
fraud, self-laundering and obstruction of the exercise of the functions of public supervisory authorities. The 
Court of Milan retains jurisdiction only for the offence of corruption among private individuals alleged 
against a former manager of the Bank. Moreover, the Judge, accepting the complaints presented by Banco 
BPM and Banca Aletti and at the end of the preliminary hearing of 8 April 2022, pronounced a sentence of 
application of the penalty at the request of the parties in accordance with the proposed conditions, thus 
applying the pecuniary sanction of Euro 240,000 to Banco BPM and Euro 56,000 to Banca Aletti, at the 
same time ordering the confiscation of only the profit from the alleged crime of self-laundering, amounting 
to Euro 293,119, already subject to a precautionary constraint. In addition, on 8 April 2022, the Judge 
ordered the release of the sum of Euro 500,000 initially subject to attachment for the alleged crime of 
bribery among private individuals and ordered its restitution to the Bank. 
With regard to the residual amounts involved in the seizure amounting to Euro 83.8 million for the crime 
of aggravated fraud, the Prosecutor’s Office of Verona was identified by the Supreme Court as having 
territorial jurisdiction to proceed as a result of the conflict of territorial jurisdiction raised. The Public 
Prosecutor’s Office of Verona will also have to decide whether to initiate a new criminal action, with regard 
to the cases of aggravated fraud, self-laundering and obstructing the exercise of the functions of public 
supervisory authorities. On 16 February 2023 the Verona Public Prosecutor's Office ordered the release 
from seizure of Euro 80.3 million in favour of the Bank. The Public Prosecutor acknowledged the relief 
activities implemented by the Bank, and, on this basis, also agreeing with the legal arguments of the Bank, 
retained the amount of the seizure "clearly excessive" ordering its return. In this stage, the Public Prosecutor 
decided to maintain the seizure of an amount of around Euro 3.5 million. 
These events, with the consequent media coverage, led to a large number of complaints being received from 
the Group's customers involved and the start of civil litigation. In this regard, and also with a view to being 
close to its customers, over the past years the Group has implemented a broad customer care initiative with 
the aim, if necessary, of reaching settlements through a free assistance service. Specifically, this support 
consists of assistance in the process of filing claims for the return of diamonds and, ultimately, the return 
of diamonds held in the vaults operated after the bankruptcy of IDB. 
As at 31 December 2022, over 24,000 claims had been received, and over 1,300 disputes initiated (partly 
preceded by a claim) for a total relief sought of around Euro 718.4 million. At the same date, due to the 
previously illustrated management and customer care activities, claims and disputes were resolved, through 
a settlement or the issue of a final ruling, for a total remedy sought exceeding Euro 636.8 million (of which 
approximately Euro 600 million related to Banco BPM). Against the claims and disputes, both those not 
yet defined and therefore still pending and those potentially estimated, as of 31 December 2022 the specific 
provision recognised against the above disputes with customers amounts to Euro 41.5 million (of which 
Euro 33.1 million referring to Banco BPM). The total provision made by Banco BPM over the years, from

--- Page 209 ---
201 
 
 
2017, was Euro 390 million, against which drawdowns for refunds to customers of Euro 348.5 million were 
made. 
As at 31 December 2021, the provision amounted to Euro 67.9 million; during 2022, drawdowns for refunds 
of Euro 30.8 million were made, and a further provision of Euro 4.4 million was added, to take into account 
the updated estimates relating to the total expected remedy and the percentages of compensation. 
Centro Lazio s.c. 
On 28 October 2019, Società Cooperativa Centro Lazio summoned Banco BPM for the declaration of its 
liability alleging that Banco BPM demanded excess guarantees in providing several agricultural loans, 
initiated the repayment of one of the loans granted in advance and forced the company to cease operating 
its own plant. The counterparty also submitted claims for damages equal to Euro 40 million relating to the 
alleged damages incurred due to the claimed Banco BPM’s negligent business conduct and requested that 
the loan contracts and related mortgages be declared null and void. In December 2022, proceedings were 
terminated without any economic impact for Banco BPM as a result of a settlement agreement.  
Malenco S.r.l.  
On 4 February 2020, Malenco S.r.l. summoned Banco BPM before the court, together with another 
bank that led the pooled operations, in relation to the granting of loans for the construction and 
completion of a property complex. The company requested that the invalidity of the loans be 
ascertained for allegedly exceeding the usury threshold rate and the invalidity of the derivative 
contracts taken out to hedge the loans granted, with a request to order Banco BPM to pay the sum 
of Euro 31 million, of which Euro 10 million is to be paid jointly with the other bank. The Court of 
Milan, with final ruling of 21 November 2022, rejected the counterparty’s claims in full. 
Privilege Yard 
On 20 December 2019, Banco BPM was summoned, along with a pool of banks, by the receivership of 
Privilege Yard for alleged unlawful disbursement of a loan which was allegedly granted based on a business 
plan claimed to be improbable, due to the manifest inability to repay the loan, and lacking appropriate 
guarantees. The receivership requested that the liability of the banks be declared for collusion in the 
mismanagement by the directors of Privilege Yard, ordering them to jointly pay compensation for the 
damages of approximately Euro 97 million (of which, Banco BPM share would be equal to Euro 27 
million). On 11 October 2022, the conviction ruling was issued for the banks jointly and severally for the 
all-inclusive sum of Euro 57.1 million; following the injunction served to all the losing parties, Banco BPM 
paid an amount including legal costs of Euro 11.6 million. The Bank, in agreement with all the other banks 
mentioned, challenged the ruling by filing an appeal to the Court of Appeal of Rome on 6 December 2022. 
CE.DI.SISA Centro Nord S.p.A. (in liquidation) 
On 5 August 2020, the Bank was sued in a liability action against the directors, auditors, auditing firm, 
consultants of the bankrupt company and credit institutions that contributed with the administrative body 
in increasing the liabilities. The bank, which never granted loans but operated through advances on invoices, 
firstly objected to the temporal prescription of the claim formulated. The overall petitum, against all the 
banks, amounts to Euro120 million. The hearing for the examination of the court-appointed expert is 
scheduled for 24 January 2024. 
Presidency of the Council of Ministers/Left-wing Democrats 
Following an injunction requested against Left-wing Democrats (bad loans) and the Presidency of the 
Council of Ministers (guarantors of the Left-wing Democrats by virtue of sureties) for 3 pooled loans 
(of which one leading bank was Banco BPM and a further two investees) for a total of Euro 26.5 
million, opposition to the injunction was submitted in 2015. The courts of the first and second instance 
rules in favour of the banks, at the same time rejecting the challenges of the injunction. The ruling of 
the appeal was not challenged in the Supreme Court by the parties, but for the Barletta section of the 
Left-wing Democrats, the decision is still pending, with the next hearing set for 19 January 2024. 
La Redenta Società Cooperativa Agricola 
On 4 September 2018, Banco BPM received a summons for a liability action, together with the 
directors, auditors and other 6 banks, who were alleged to have acted in complicity to increase

--- Page 210 ---
202 
 
 
liabilities in the company “La Redenta Società Cooperativa Agricola”. The total remedy sought against 
all the banks is 20 million. 
The court of the first instance ruled in Banco BPM’s favour, and rejected the claims of the plaintiff. 
The Court of Appeal of Brescia, in a judgment of 22 February 2023, declared the plaintiff's appeal 
inadmissible. 
Compagnia Finanza e Servizi (Co.fi.se.) S.r.l., Tabellini Paolo 
On 8 November 2016, Banco BPM received a summons, together with Alba Leasing, for contractual 
liability, causation and increasing the damages suffered by Compagnia Finanza e Servizi (Co.fi.se.) 
S.r.l., Tabellini Paolo for a total of Euro 15 million. The court of the first instance and appeal 
proceedings concluded with rulings in the Bank’s favour, which rejected the claims of the plaintiff. 
The ruling on appeal was challenged by the counterparty with an Appeal in the Supreme Court. Banco 
BPM is waiting for a hearing to be scheduled. 
Partecipazioni Italiane (in liquidation) 
The subsidiary Partecipazioni Italiane in liquidation, as the former owner of land located in Pavia that 
was the industrial site of the former Necchi S.p.A., (which ceased business operations many years 
ago), was the subject of an order of the Province of Pavia which requested that the subsidiary, as the 
party “historically” responsible, along with another party, carry out the reclamation and containment 
of that area, which for many years now has been owned by third parties outside Banco BPM Group. 
As part of the legal dispute initiated by the subsidiary against that order, on 2 December 2019 the 
Lombardy Regional Administrative Court rejected the appeal of Partecipazioni Italiane, ordering the 
company to carry out all the operations necessary to reclaim or secure the area. Considering that a 
more detailed analysis of the overall results of the evidence and the examination of the interpretation 
of the environmental laws and verification of the chain of causation could lead to a different 
classification of the facts, on 7 July 2020 the subsidiary submitted an appeal. The Provincial 
Authorities of Pavia filed an appearance on 17 September 2020; the public hearing on the merits has 
not yet been scheduled. 
Within the parallel environmental proceedings, both some of the current owners of the various portions 
of the former Necchi site and Partecipazioni Italiane submitted autonomous area characterisation 
plans. Considering the various positions of the parties, new administrative proceedings arose which 
are currently pending before the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court, with the involvement of 
the Municipality of Pavia, the Province of Pavia and the Lombardy Regional Environmental Protection 
Agency as well, and for which the public hearing on the merits has not yet been scheduled.  
With regard to one of the portions of the site, on 7 March 2022, a settlement agreement was finalised 
with one of the current owners, regarding the reclamation of the portion of the former Necchi area it 
owns. The agreement envisages, inter alia, the contribution of Partecipazioni Italiane to bearing the 
reclamation costs for an amount of Euro 1.4 million plus VAT (half of which already paid at the time 
of finalisation of the agreement and half to be paid to the counterparty on announcement of the start 
of the reclamation activities), already accounted for in the financial statements as at 31 December 
2021. For the portion of the former Necchi area owned by INAIL and currently occupied by the Pavia 
Police Headquarters, through the technical consultant WSP Italia S.r.l. (formerly Golder Associates 
S.r.l.), the subsidiary completed the characterisation activities of the portion of the area, as per the 
Characterisation Plan approved by decision of the Municipality of Pavia on 21 March 2022. As a result 
of the above-mentioned activities, WSP Italia estimated the costs for the probable future activities and 
for the reclamation as Euro 160 thousand plus VAT, recognised in the financial statements as at 31 
December 2022. For the other two areas into which the site is divided, given the uncertainty of the 
interventions to be carried out, it is not possible to reliably estimate any expenses borne by the investee, 
even within a certain range. 
Società Agricola La Meridiana S.r.l. 
Società Agricola La Meridiana S.r.l. in liquidation, with sole shareholder Realfin Group S.p.A., now 
bankrupt, summoned Banco BPM before the court on 17 January 2022, disputing the alleged 
unjustified granting of a loan of Euro 14 million in 2006 secured by a mortgage. It is argued that the 
purpose of the loan was to cause the appearance of a restructuring of the company for the sole purpose

--- Page 211 ---
203 
 
 
of re-evaluating the value of the shareholding of the sole shareholder Realfin Group, so as not to have 
to write down the receivable from the latter. The loan allegedly worsened the financial situation of 
Società Agricola La Meridiana, which seeks the Bank’s sentencing to provide compensation for 
damages of Euro 18 million. The Court of Milan, with final ruling of 13 October 2022, rejected the 
counterparty’s claims in full. 
I.F.I.T. S.r.l. and S.I.R.O. S.r.l. 
On 14 February 2022, I.F.I.T. S.r.l. and S.I.R.O. S.r.l. summoned Banco BPM before the court to 
obtain the revocation of a pledge made by the other two defendants in the case, Luigi Servidati and 
Fabio Planamente, former managers of the group, as a guarantee for a loan of Euro 23 million granted 
to the company Cantiere del Pardo S.p.A. The plaintiffs claim damages of approximately Euro 15.2 
million, an amount for which they obtained a precautionary seizure against the same two former 
managers (later shareholders), for having transferred ownership of Cantiere del Pardo to third parties. 
The lawsuit is pending in the initial stage before the Court of Bologna. 
Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. 
On 23 December 2022, the extraordinary receivers of Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. 
summoned the members of its Management and Supervisory Boards, the auditing firm and the banking 
class, including Banco BPM, and some factoring companies to court, to obtain a joint and several 
sentence of all defendants to pay the sum of over Euro 389 million. The amount is requested by way 
of compensation for the alleged damages also caused by the abusive granting of credit by the banking 
class, which would have allowed the company to continue to operate despite the crisis situation, also 
causing the serious impoverishment of the company's net assets. 
Litigation with natural persons 
On 10 July 2019 a customer summoned Banco BPM before the court to obtain total compensation for 
damages of approximately Euro 21 million for having allowed a proxy/delegate of the customer to carry 
out a series of allegedly unauthorised transactions on various current accounts and securities portfolios. 
With its ruling of 11 January 2023, the Milan Court of Appeal confirmed the decision in favour of the bank 
handed down by the Court of Milan in 2020. The terms for the appeal to the Supreme Court are pending. 
On 18 July 2019, the heirs of a customer summoned Banco BPM before the court to request the cancellation 
of several transactions, mainly financial in nature, which were allegedly carried out on accounts held by 
the customer without authorisation and in violation of the MiFID regulations. The counterparties requested 
that the Bank be ordered to return a total amount of approximately Euro 37 million. The lawsuit is pending 
in the initial stage before the Court of Milan. 
Disputes with the Tax Authority 
Banco BPM, the companies that merged to form the Group, the incorporated subsidiary companies and the 
subsidiary companies underwent various inspections by the Tax Authority in 2022 and in previous years. 
These activities concerned the taxable income declared for the purpose of income tax, VAT, registration 
tax, and more generally the manner in which the tax legislation in force at the time was applied. As a 
consequence of said inspections, the Banco BPM Group is involved in numerous legal proceedings. 
The total claims made by the Tax Authorities as part of the tax disputes initiated involving Banco BPM and 
its subsidiaries amounted to Euro 225.0 million as at 31 December 2022 (unchanged compared to claims 
as at 31 December 2021). During the year, no new claims arose, nor did any events change the amount of 
the claims already existing at the beginning of the year. 
Details of pending disputes as at 31 December 2022  
• 
Banco BPM (former Banca Popolare di Verona e Novara Soc. Coop.) - tax demand regarding 
IRAP tax paid to the Regional Headquarters for Veneto for 2006. The claim refers to the 
application of the ordinary rate of 4.25% to the net value of production resulting from business 
activities performed in Veneto and in Tuscany, instead of the higher rate of 5.25% and amounts 
to a total of 7.1 million. The tax demand has been challenged. The Provincial Tax Commission 
partially accepted the appeal, declaring that the fines imposed are not due. The Regional Tax 
Commission confirmed the first instance judgment, also cancelling the tax demand relating to

--- Page 212 ---
204 
 
 
the additional IRAP referring to the Tuscany Region. On 18 January 2023, the ruling of the 
Supreme Court was published, which recognised the validity of the appeal filed by the Bank 
for the effective lack of a specific provision of regional law that exempts, for tax year 2006, 
the system suspending the application of the increase in the IRAP rate set forth by state law. 
However, the Court pointed out that following the suspension of the effectiveness of the 
increase in the IRAP rate for 2002 for banks and insurance companies, it believes that the rate 
of 4.75%, already envisaged at national level for 2002 by Art. 45, paragraph 2 of Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 446 of 1997, should be applied instead of the ordinary rate of 4.25%. 
The Court therefore overturned the decision of the Regional Tax Commission, referring to the 
second instance Tax Court of Veneto, which will have to redetermine the Bank’s tax liability 
by applying the rate of 4.75%. The dispute is therefore still pending due to the referral to the 
Regional Tax Commission. However, the latter will no doubt reduce the amount of the claim 
and order the consequent reimbursement of the taxes and relative interest already paid 
following the ruling overturned. 
• 
Banca Akros - formal notification received in December 2021 relating to the alleged infringement 
of the transmission obligations to the Tax Authority envisaged by Article 1, of Italian Law Decree 
167 of 1990 with the application of the minimum sanction envisaged by Art. 5, paragraph 1, for 
the amount of Euro 2.3 million. On 30 November 2022, the Office served a decision to impose 
penalties with which it rejected the defensive arguments made by the Bank and imposed a penalty 
of Euro 2.3 million against it. Considering the reasons contained in the decision to impose penalties 
contradictory and unfounded, on 30 January 2023, the Bank filed an appeal to the Milan Tax Court 
of first instance. 
• 
Banco BPM (former Banca Popolare Italiana Soc. Coop.) - notices of assessment relating to tax 
year 2005 regarding the claimed non-deductibility for IRES and IRAP purposes of costs and value 
adjustments to receivables relating to facts or actions classified as offences (regarding offences of 
false corporate reporting, obstacles to supervision and market turbulence alleged to have been 
committed by Banca Popolare Italiana with relation to the attempted takeover of Banca 
Antonveneta). The claims amount to Euro 199.8 million (including interest and tax collection 
fees). With separate judgements filed on 15 October 2014, the Provincial Tax Commission of 
Milan fully rejected the appeals submitted by the Bank, though not justifying in any way the 
rationale underlying the confirmation of the tax demand. Said judgement was appealed against 
before the Lombardy Regional Tax Commission. However, in 2015 the Commission rejected 
the joint appeals and confirmed the challenged judgements. A further appeal was submitted to 
the Supreme Court, which is still pending.  
The notices discussed above were followed by additional notices of assessment served on 22 
December 2014 for the tax years 2006-2009. The claims contained in these notices also regard 
the claimed non-deductibility for IRES and IRAP purposes of the costs deemed attributable to 
facts or actions classified as offences. More specifically, they regard value adjustments on 
loans already disputed with reference to the fiscal year 2005. Said value adjustments, although 
recognised by Banca Popolare Italiana in its financial statements for 2005, were deductible on 
a straight-line basis over the following 18 financial years pursuant to the version in effect at 
the time of Art. 106, paragraph 3 of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
The notices of assessment served therefore charge the claimed non-deductibility of the 
portions of those adjustments to loans deducted in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. Total claims 
amount to euro 15.8 million. An appeal has been presented to the Provincial Tax Commission. 
The Commission suspended the proceedings until the final judgement of the Supreme Court 
is passed on the notices of assessment relating to 2005, pursuant to the previous point. The 
claims illustrated, which amount to a total of Euro 215.6 million, were carefully assessed by 
the Bank in light of the negative rulings made in the courts of the first two instances. In that 
regard, it must firstly be noted that, in the parallel criminal proceedings initiated against the 
parties that signed the tax returns for the offence of inaccurate tax return (offense founded on 
the same charges contained in the notices of assessment in question), the judge issued a 
judgement of acquittal of the defendants “because there is no case to answer”. Even though 
the criminal proceedings are independent from the administrative disputes, which, thus, may 
conclude with a different result, it is noted that, in the operative part of the ruling, the criminal 
judge justified his decision using the arguments analogous to those formulated by the Bank in 
its defence in the appeals submitted in the administrative proceedings illustrated. Furthermore, 
an analysis of the order and the content of the ruling of the Regional Tax Commission shows 
that the Commission’s decision on the merits of the case contains no specific justification and

--- Page 213 ---
205 
 
 
is based on a mere reference to the Authority’s claims, with no express indication of the 
reasons for its decision not to accept the precise arguments laid out by Banco Popolare in 
support of its appeal. In the light of these analyses and considerations, on the basis that there 
are grounds to challenge the ruling as, in fact, all the defensive arguments regarding aspects 
of legitimacy not considered by the judges in the first and second instances can be submitted 
again to the court, on 18 December 2015, the afore-mentioned appeal was lodged with the 
Supreme Court. The in-depth analyses of the situation conducted with the support of the 
advisors assigned to draw up the appeal, as well as the additional opinions requested from 
other authoritative experts on the matter confirmed the belief that the claim of the Tax 
Authority is illegitimate and the possibility to finally see the defensive arguments considered 
and agreed with in the proceedings before the Supreme Court is unchanged. The same analyses 
were conducted by the Board of Directors to confirm the classification of the claim as a 
potential liability, as the risk of losing the lawsuit is possible but not probable. In light of the 
evaluations carried out, no provision has been recognised for the above contingent liabilities 
in the financial statements as at 31 December 2022.  
• 
Banco BPM (former Banca Popolare di Novara) - receivables from IRPEG/ILOR for the 1995 
financial year amounting to Euro 94.5 million, the recovery of which was refused by the Tax 
Authority (Agenzia delle Entrate - Direzione Provinciale di Novara). In the context of the legal 
action brought by the former Banca Popolare di Novara, both the Provincial and the Regional Tax 
Commissions had upheld the appeals lodged and had also ordered the Tax Authority to pay the 
legal costs. The Tax Authority appealed to the Supreme Court, which recently issued a judgment 
upholding the Tax Authority's appeal, thus sending the case back to the second instance judge for 
a new decision on the case. The Bank will file a new counter-appeal against the Supreme Court's 
decision. 
Audits under way as at 31 December 2022 
On 5 December 2019, as part of a wider tax audit of a company external to Banco BPM Group, the 
Italian Tax Police launched an audit for the purposes of direct taxes and VAT of Banco BPM for 
the tax year 2017. The audit was suspended due to the emergency situation relating to the COVID-
19 pandemic. 
On 2 March 2020, the Italian Tax Authority - Regional Department of Lombardy had informed, in 
compliance with the principles set forth in the taxpayers’ statute, that it intends to initiate a tax audit 
for the purposes of IRES, IRAP, VAT and withholding tax obligations for the year 2016 of the 
subsidiary Banca Aletti. By subsequent communication of 6 March, the Authority decided to 
postpone the opening of the verification until a date to be defined in relation to the emergency 
situation related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 21 September 2022, the economic and financial police unit of the Italian Tax Police initiated an audit 
of IRES and IRAP against Banca Akros and in order to verify the application of substitute tax pursuant 
to Presidential Decree 600/1973 for the 2016 tax period. The audit was completed on 19 January 2023. 
In the report on findings drawn up on that date, it was indicated that the audit did not lead to any findings. 
Audits commenced in 2023 
On 24 January 2023, the Italian Tax Authority, Lombardy Regional Department, Large Taxpayers Office 
initiated a tax audit of the Parent Company Banco BPM for IRES, IRAP, VAT and withholding tax 
obligations for the 2017 and 2018 tax periods. 
Other provisions – other  
This residual category of provisions amounts to a total of Euro 139.7 million as at 31 December 2022 and 
mainly includes allocations against the following liabilities: 
• 
risks associated with disputes and claims, both pending and expected, associated with operations 
with customers and possible developments in the interpretation of certain regulations governing 
banking activities (Euro 45.3 million); 
• 
estimate of probable reimbursements of fees consequent to the possible early termination of 
insurance policies by customers (Euro 21.1 million); 
• 
risks associated with commitments undertaken as part of partnership agreements and guarantees

--- Page 214 ---
206 
 
 
granted against the disposal of interests or other assets or groups of assets (Euro 30.8 million); 
• 
risks associated with guarantees given for sales of non-performing loans already finalised as at 31 
December 2022 (Euro 17.2 million); 
• 
charges relating to the restructuring of the distribution network (Euro 8.5 million). 
Corporate Governance System 
The corporate governance of the Issuer is based on a traditional corporate governance system with a Board 
of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the strategic supervision and management of the Issuer and carries 
out all of the ordinary or extraordinary transactions that prove necessary, useful or in any way appropriate 
for achieving the Issuer’s corporate purpose, with the assistance of the Intra-Board Committees and the Co-
General Managers. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the shareholders’ meeting based on a list of nominees. The 
nomination mechanism requires that the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors be drawn from the 
minority list (in accordance with Article 35 of the By-laws). 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 24.1 of the By-laws, the Board of Directors is responsible for the strategic supervision 
and management of the Issuer. 
The Board of Directors is composed of at least 15 directors, of whom at least eight must meet the 
independence requirements set out under Article 20.1.6 of the By-laws, without prejudice to any further 
requirement provided under applicable law.  
The composition of the Board of Directors ensures, in accordance with applicable laws, including 
regulations, in force, the gender balance. 
The members of the Board of Directors must be suitable for the performance of their duties, in accordance 
with the provisions of the legislation in force at the time and the By-laws and, in particular, they must 
possess the requirements of professionalism, honorability and independence and comply with criteria of 
competence, correctness and commitment of time and the specific limits on the accumulation of positions 
prescribed by the legislation in force at the time and by the By-laws. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 20.1, persons who fall under the cases of ineligibility or 
cessation from office under Article 2383 of the Italian Civil Code or do not meet the honorability and 
professionalism requirements set out in the applicable laws, including applicable regulatory provisions, 
may not be appointed to the office of Board member, and if appointed shall fall from office. 
Without prejudice to any other causes of incompatibility provided for by the legislation in force at the time, 
persons who are or become members of administrative bodies or employees of companies that perform or 
belong to groups that perform activities in competition with those of the Issuer or its Group may not be 
appointed to the office, and if appointed, they shall forfeit their assignment, unless they are central 
institutions of the category or companies in which the Issuer has direct or indirect holdings. The above 
prohibition does not apply when participation in administrative bodies in other banks is taken on behalf of 
organizations or trade associations of the banking system. 
The Board of Directors is appointed in accordance with the list voting system, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 20.4 and following of the By-laws. 
The Board of Directors appoints amongst its members a Chief Executive Officer, entrusted with certain 
attributions and powers of the Board of Directors in accordance with Article 2381, paragraph 2, of the 
Italian Civil Code. 
Within the Board of Directors the following committees are also established: the Nomination Committee 
(composed of three members), the Remuneration Committee (composed of three members), the Internal 
Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee (composed of five members) and the Related Parties 
Committee (composed of three members), each comprising members entrusted with the necessary functions

--- Page 215 ---
207 
 
 
and roles, in accordance with Supervisory Provisions and the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. 
The current members of the Board of Directors of Banco BPM were appointed at the ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting held on 20 April 2023 and will remain in office until the ordinary shareholders’ meeting to be 
called to approve the financial statements of Banco BPM as of and for the year ending 31 December 2025:  
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
Massimo Tononi (*) 
Zambon S.p.A. 
Director 
(Chairman) 
 
 
 
 
 
Maurizio Comoli (*) 
Herno S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Mirato S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
MIL MIL 76 S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Vera Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
Vera Protezione S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
Montura S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Giuseppe Castagna 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
Director 
(Chief Executive 
Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
Mario Anolli (*) 
Vera Vita S.p.A. 
Chairman 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Paolo Bordogna (*) 
Bracca S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Fonti Pineta S.p.A. 
Director 
 
 
 
Paola Ferretti (*) 
- 
- 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Marina Mantelli (*) 
Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Director 
 
 
 
Chiara Mio (*) 
OVS S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Corà Domenico & Figli S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
Aquafil S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
 
 
Alberto Oliveti (*) 
REAM SGR S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Eugenio Rossetti (*) 
Tinexta S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Infocert S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Co.Mark. S.p.A. 
Director 
 
 
 
Manuela Soffientini 
(*) 
Electrolux Appliance S.p.A. 
Chairman and Managing 
Director 
(Director) 
Electrolux Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
Brembo S.p.A. 
Independent Director 
 
 
 
Luigia Tauro (*) 
Prevention For You S.r.l. 
Sole Director 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Mauro Paoloni (*) 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Chairman

--- Page 216 ---
208 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
Nadine Farida 
Faruque (*) 
Lottomatica S.p.A. 
Independent Director 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Paolo Boccardelli (*) 
TIM S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(*) 
Independent member of the Board of Directors pursuant to article 20.1.6 of the by-laws and, consequently, pursuant to art. 148, 
paragraph 3 of the Italian Finance Act and the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the registered office of Banco BPM, 
specifically Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors carries out the tasks and exercises the functions set out in the relevant laws 
and regulations and by the company By-laws. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed of 5 standing and 3 alternate auditors who remain in office 
for three financial years. The term of office of the present members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is 
scheduled to expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve the financial statements 
relating to the last financial year of their office and they may be re-appointed. Statutory Auditors must meet 
the eligibility, independence, professional and integrity requirements established by the laws and 
regulations in force at any given time. 
The composition of the Board of Statutory Auditors ensures pursuant to applicable law and regulations in 
force the balance between the genders. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting based on list voting. The 
nomination mechanism requires that the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors be drawn from the 
minority list. 
The limits on the number of management and control positions held by members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, as established by Consob regulations and any other applicable provisions, shall apply to the 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Moreover: (i) Statutory Auditors may not hold offices in bodies other than those with control functions in 
other Group companies or in companies in which the Issuer holds, even indirectly, a strategic shareholding 
(even if not belonging to the Group); and (ii) candidates who hold the office of Director, manager or officer 
in companies or entities directly or indirectly engaged in banking activities in competition with those of the 
Issuer or the relative Group may not be elected, and if elected, they shall forfeit their assignment, unless 
they are professional bodies. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors were appointed at the ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting held on 20 April 2023 and will remain in office until the ordinary shareholders’ meeting to be 
called to approve the financial statements of Banco BPM as of and for the year ending 31 December 2025: 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
Marcello Priori 
(Chairman of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors) 
BPM Vita S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Primonial Reim Italy S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Corob S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
F2A S.r.l.  
Chairman

--- Page 217 ---
209 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
Maurizio Lauri (*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
Officine CST S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
ACEA S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Tirreno Power S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Nadia Valenti (*)  
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Standing Auditor) 
 
 
 
Silvia Muzi (*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
A2A S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
 
 
 
Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
RAI WAY S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Esprinet S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Elbano de Nuccio 
(*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
Acquedotto Pugliese S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Cestaro & Rossi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
EOS Private Equity Holding 3 S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Eurofiere S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Mario Tagliaferri 
(*) 
(Alternate Auditor)  
Nerpharma S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
Nerviano Medical Sciences S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Kilometro Rosso S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Alto Robotics S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Consorzio.it S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Crema Diesel S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Interpump Group S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Accelera S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fondazione Ferrovie dello Stato 
Standing Auditor 
 
Brembo S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Brembo SGL Carbon Ceramic Brakes 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fine Food & Pharmaceutical N.T.M. S.p.A. Standing Auditor 
 
Euro Cosmetic S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Marsilli S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor 
 
Simis S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Trestudi S.r.l. 
Director 
 
GOTHA Advisory S.p.A. 
Director

--- Page 218 ---
210 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
Marina Scandurra 
(*) 
ACEA ATO 5 S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Alternate Auditor) 
ASM Terni S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Daimier Truck Financial Service Italia 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fondazione Museo della Shoah - ETS 
Standing Auditor 
 
Edison Next Government Napoli Scarl 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Italia Trasporto Aereo S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
RAI Pubblicità S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecnoservizi S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor 
 
Transmed S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Sara Antonelli (*) 
(Alternate Auditor) 
PTS Group S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
ENVENT Italia SIM S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
ADR Mobility S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
PTS Credit Management mediazione 
creditizia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
BIG S.B. S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Elgea S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
M.O.F. S.c.p.A. 
Sole Auditor 
 
Free To X S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Logista Retail Italia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecne Gruppo Autostrade Per l’Italia 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecne Speri Bridge Designers S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
(*) Independent member of the Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to articles 33.4 and 20.1.6 of the by-laws and, consequently, 
pursuant to art. 148, paragraph 3 of the Italian Finance Act and the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is at the registered office of 
Banco BPM, specifically Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Directorate General 
At its meeting of 20 December 2022, Banco BPM’s Board of Directors defined the new structure of its 
General Management and top management. More specifically, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Co-
General Management was established, the scope of the Chief Business Officer (CBO) Co-General 
Management was redefined, the new Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) function was established and 
the position of Chief Risk Officer (CRO) was established. The new structure - which came into force on 1 
January 2023 - promotes better coordination of the Group’s activities with respect to the path outlined in 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan and facilitates the governance of more complex areas in line with the evolution 
of the external scenario. 
Currently, the two Co-General Managers, appointed by the Board of Directors are Mr. Domenico De 
Angelis and Mr. Edoardo Maria Ginevra.  
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
 
 
Domenico De Angelis 
(Co-General Manager) 
- 
-

--- Page 219 ---
211 
 
 
Edoardo Maria 
Ginevra 
(Co-General Manager) 
Agos – Ducato S.p.A. 
Gardant Liberty Servicing S.p.A. 
Director 
Chairman 
 
The business address of the Co-General Managers is at the registered office of Banco BPM, specifically 
Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the knowledge of the Issuer, with regard to the members of 
the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors and the Co-General Managers of Banco BPM there are 
no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer and their private interests and or other duties. 
In the ordinary course of business, the members of the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors and 
the Co-General Managers of Banco BPM may hold positions in other companies of the Banco BPM Group 
as well as in companies which are not part of the Banco BPM Group, subject to the limitations set out in 
Article 36 of Legislative Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011 (converted with amendments into Law no. 
214 of 22 December 2011) on “Protection of competition and personal cross holdings” (Prohibition of 
Interlocking Directorates). As such, they may have interests that are in conflict with the tasks arising from 
their position at Banco BPM.  
Members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of Banco BPM must comply with the 
following rules to regulate cases where there is a potential specific conflict of interest concerning the 
completion of a transaction: 
• 
Article 136 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act requires an authorisation procedure (a 
unanimous decision by the Board of Directors, excluding the vote of the interested member, and 
the favourable vote of all members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, without prejudice to the 
obligations provided for by the Italian Civil Code with regard to conflicts of interest of directors 
and transactions with related parties) to be followed in cases where the person performing 
administration, management and control functions enters into obligations of any nature or carries 
out acts of sale, directly or indirectly, with the bank that it administers, directs or controls;  
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code provides that directors must inform the other directors and 
the board of statutory auditors of any interest they may have, either on their own behalf or on behalf 
of third parties, in a specific Company transaction. If the director is the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Company, he must refrain from carrying out the transaction in question by submitting the matter 
to the Board of Directors; 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code and the Consob Regulation implementing Resolution no. 
17221 of 12 March 2010 and no. 17389 of 23 June 2010 require companies whose shares are listed 
or widely distributed to adopt special procedures to ensure the transparency and substantive and 
procedural fairness of transactions with related parties. In addition, on 12 December 2011, the 
Bank of Italy, in its role as Banking Supervisory Authority, issued special rules on risk activities 
and conflicts of interest with entities related to the implementation of resolution no. 277 of 29 July 
2008 of the CICR (Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito ed il Risparmio). In accordance with 
these rules and international accounting standards, the Issuer has adopted specific “Rules for 
related parties” such as: 
- 
define the criteria for identifying related parties of Gruppo Banco BPM (the “related 
parties”); 
- 
define the quantitative limits for the Banco BPM Group’s assumption of- risk-weighted 
assets- of related parties and determine the calculation methods; 
- 
establish the manner in which transactions with related parties are approved, distinguishing 
between transactions that are significant or not and define in this context, the role and tasks 
of an independent member of the Management Board, with the assistance of an independent 
expert; 
- 
cases of exclusion and exemption for certain types of transactions with related parties;  
- 
establish disclosure (and accounting) requirements in relation to related party transactions;

--- Page 220 ---
212 
 
 
• 
Article 150 of the Italian Consolidated Law on Finance requires directors to report to the Board of 
Statutory Auditors promptly and at least quarterly on their activities and any other significant 
transactions carried out with the bank or its subsidiaries; in particular, directors are required to 
report on transactions in which they have an interest, either on their own behalf or on behalf of 
third parties, or which are influenced by the person exercising the activity of management and 
coordination; 
• 
in compliance with the provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana, Banco 
BPM has adopted measures aimed at ensuring that transactions in which an Exponent has an 
interest, on his own behalf or on behalf of third parties, and those carried out with Related Parties 
are carried out in a transparent manner and in compliance with criteria of substantial and procedural 
correctness. 
Principal Shareholders 
Pursuant to Article 120 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian 
Finance Act”), shareholders who hold more than 3% of the share capital of a listed company are obliged 
to notify that company and the Italian regulator CONSOB of their holding. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the significant shareholders of Banco BPM are the 
following (source: CONSOB): 
 
% of 
Ordinary 
Shares 
Crédit Agricole SA ............................................................................................................................  
9.178 
Capital Research and Management Company ...................................................................................  
4.988 
Norges Bank ......................................................................................................................................  
3.051 
Independent Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. has been appointed by the shareholders’ meetings of Banco Popolare and 
BPM held on 15 October 2016 as independent auditor of the consolidated and non-consolidated annual 
financial statements of Banco BPM for the period established by the law in force and for the review of its 
interim consolidated financial statements, pursuant to Article 13, first paragraph and Article 17, first 
paragraph, of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 2010. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 June 
2012). The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is in Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy. 
Recent Developments  
Approval by the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM of, inter alia, the 2022 Annual Financial 
Statements, the payment of a dividend of Euro 0.23 per share, the appointment of the Board of Directors 
and the Board of Statutory Auditors for the years 2023-2024-2025 and the purchase and disposal of own 
shares in service of the Banco BPM share-based payment plans 
On 20 April 2023, the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM approved, inter alia, (i) the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements; (ii) the distribution of a total dividend of Euro 348,491,888.98 equal to Euro 0.23 per 
share; and (iii) the appointment of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors for the years 
2023-2024-2025.  
In this context, the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM also approved the purchase and disposal of Banco 
BPM shares for a maximum total amount of Euro 5 million. 
Launching of a project to enhance the payment business 
On 18 April 2023 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM has resolved to proceed with a project to enhance 
the payments business aimed at defining a potential partnership with a leading market operator that shall 
focus on both Merchant Acquiring and POS management as well as on the Issuing and distribution of 
payment cards.

--- Page 221 ---
213 
 
 
The guidelines for the partnership are expected to be as follows:  
• 
signing of a long-term exclusive distribution agreement encompassing both the issuing and the 
merchant acquiring business;  
• 
preservation of running commission levels;  
• 
collection of an upfront component involving benefits also in terms of capital;  
• 
introduction of mechanisms enabling the Bank to further extract value from prospective growth;  
The Board of Directors has mandated the Chief Executive Officer to continue the ongoing interlocutions 
with the aim of identifying, by the first half of this year, the potential partner and to define a binding Term 
Sheet. 
Recognition of financial conglomerate status  
With its communication dated 7 March 2023, the European Central Bank recognised Banco BPM Group's 
status as a financial conglomerate pursuant to Directive 2002/87/EC, on the same basis as the main Italian 
and European financial groups operating in both the banking/investment services and insurance sectors. 
The ECB's decision grants the request submitted by Banco BPM following the acquisition of full control 
over the insurance companies Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. and Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A., which took 
place in July 2022, and also involves the alignment of the supervisory activity performed by the Supervisory 
Authority to the overall activity carried out by the Group as a financial conglomerate. 
Programme to purchase own shares  
In implementing the resolution of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 7 April 2022 and by virtue of the 
authorisation issued by the European Central Bank, in February 2023, the Parent Company launched an 
additional programme for the purchase of own shares to support existing short- and long-term incentive 
plans. The programme was carried out in the period 28 February - 6 March 2023 with the purchase of 
2,418,855 own shares (equal to 0.16% of outstanding ordinary shares) at the average unit price of 4.13 euro, 
for a total equivalent value of Euro 10 million. As a result of the above transactions, Banco BPM, taking 
into account the other own shares already in the portfolio, directly holds 8,578,335 own shares, equal to 
0.56% of the share capital.  
Exercise of the call option versus Cattolica Assicurazioni on 65% of the capital of Vera Vita and Vera 
Assicurazioni 
On 29 May 2023, Banco BPM announced it has exercised the call option (the “Call Option”), provided for 
in the agreements signed in 2021 with Cattolica Assicurazioni, on 65% of the share capital of Vera Vita 
S.p.A. and Vera Assicurazioni S.p.A., respectively operating in the life and non-life businesses, in which 
Banco BPM already holds a 35% stake. Vera Vita, in turn, holds the entire share capital of Vera Financial 
DAC, an insurance company under Irish law, while Vera Assicurazioni holds 100% of the share capital of 
Vera Protezione S.p.A.. 
The transaction is part of the strategy to strengthen the Banco BPM Group's business model, which - in line 
with the Strategic Plan 2021-2024 - envisages the internalization of the “Life” insurance business, already 
initiated with the acquisition of the entire share capital of the company Banco BPM Vita from Covéa, and 
the activation of a strategic partnership with Crédit Agricole Assurances S.A. (“CAA”), a Crédit Agricole 
Group company, in the bancassurance, non-life/protection sectors. 
The exercise price of the Call Option was defined, in accordance with the agreements with Cattolica 
Assicurazioni, based on the sum of the following: 
• 
65% of the companies’ own funds as of 31 December 2022, net of T2 instruments, totaling Euro 
332.5 million; 
• 
a fixed component of Euro 60 million. 
These elements lead to valuing the exercise price of the Call Option for the repurchase of both shareholdings 
at a total of Euro 392.5 million, to which must be added 65% of the companies’ operating income accrued 
from 1 January 2023 until the date of the closing. 
The closing of the transaction with Cattolica Assicurazioni for the purchase of the 65% of Vera Vita and 
Vera Assicurazioni covered by the Call Option, to be finalized at the same time as the execution of the

--- Page 222 ---
214 
 
 
described agreements with CAA in the Non-Life/Protection sector, is indicatively expected during the last 
quarter of 2023, subject to the issuance of the prescribed legal authorizations by the competent Authorities.

--- Page 223 ---
215 
 
 
REGULATORY 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to extensive regulations and to the supervision (being for regulatory, 
information or inspection purposes, as the case may be) by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS with 
respect to its bancassurance operations. 
Capital and Liquidity Requirements 
Following the crisis of the financial markets in the last several years, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (“Basel III”), aimed at 
strengthening the existing capital rules, including raising the quality of CET1 capital in a harmonised 
manner, introducing also requirements for Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 capital instruments.  
At a European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative 
instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 (the “CRD IV”) and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “CRR” and, together with the CRD IV, the “CRD IV Package”), whose 
provisions are directly binding and applicable in each member state. The CRD IV and the CRR were 
approved by the European Council on 20 July 2013 and entered into force on 1 January 2014. Furthermore, 
on 14 March 2016 the European Central bank (“ECB”) adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the 
exercise of options and discretions available in Union law, published on 24 March 2016 and the ECB Guide 
on options and discretions available in Union law (the “ECB Guide”). This regulation specifies certain of 
the options and discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential 
requirements for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. It shall apply exclusively with regard to those 
credit institutions classified as “significant” in accordance with Article 6(4) of Regulation (EU) No 
1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 147(1) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. Depending on the manner in 
which these options or discretions were so far exercised by the national competent authorities and on the 
manner in which the SSM will exercise such options or discretions in the future, additional or lower capital 
requirements may be required. Moreover, on 10 August 2016, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB 
Guide which addresses eight options and discretions and complements the existing ECB Guide and 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445.  
In addition, on 13 April 2017, the ECB published a guideline and a recommendation addressed to national 
competent authorities (the “NCAs”) concerning the exercise of options and national discretions available 
in European Union law that affect banks directly supervised by NCAs (i.e. the so called “less significant 
institutions”). Both documents are intended to further harmonise the way banks are supervised by the 
NCAs. The aim is to ensure a level playing field and the smooth functioning of the Euro area banking 
system as a whole.  
In Italy, implementation of CRD IV package implied amendments to Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (the “Italian Consolidated Banking Act”) and to the supervisory regulations on banks 
with circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (“Circular No. 285”), which came into force on 1 January 
2014, setting out also additional local prudential rules addressed to Italian banks. The Government 
implemented the CRD IV with Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015, which entered into force on 27 
June 2015. 
With respect to “Pillar 1” minimum capital requirements, Italian banks are currently required to comply 
with: (a) a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%; and (c) a Total Capital Ratio of 
8.0%. The Basel III framework also provides for the creation of additional capital buffers in excess of the 
minimum requirements in order to provide banks with high quality capital resources to be used in times of 
market stress, to prevent any malfunctioning of the banking system and to avoid disruptions in the credit 
granting process, as well as to address the risks posed by systemically important banks at the global or 
domestic level. More specifically, the capital buffers applicable under the CRD IV (to be met with CET1 
capital) are the following: 
1. capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer applies to the Issuer pursuant to 
Circular No. 285 and, starting from 1 January 2019, is equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets 
(“RWAs”); 
2. counter-cyclical capital buffer: set by the relevant competent authority between 0% and 2.5% 
(but may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the conditions in

--- Page 224 ---
216 
 
 
the Member State justify it), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying 
temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth 
excessive. The counter-cyclical capital buffer for 2022 and for the first quarter of 2023 was set 
by the Bank of Italy at 0%; 
3. capital buffers for global systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”): set as an “additional 
loss absorbency” buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to specific indicators 
(e.g. size, interconnectedness, substitutability of the services provided, global cross-border 
activity and complexity), and has become fully effective starting from 1 January 2019, which 
does not apply to the Banco BPM Group; and 
4. capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level (“O-SIIs”): up to 
2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority and must be reviewed at least annually, to 
compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system. On 30 
November 2017 the Bank of Italy identified the Banco BPM Group as an O-SII. Banco BPM 
Group is required to respect a reserve equal to 0.25%. 
In addition, to the above-listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV, each Member State may 
introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital for the financial sector or one or more 
subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or macroprudential 
risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of disruption in the financial 
system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial system and the real 
economy in a specific Member State. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no provision has been taken 
on the systemic risk buffer in Italy. 
Failure to comply with such combined buffer requirements triggers restrictions on distributions and the 
need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions (Articles 140, 141 
and 141(b) of CRD IV, as amended and integrated by the EU Banking Reform referred to below). 
In addition, supervisors, pursuant to the CRD IV Package, may require institutions to maintain capital to 
cover other risks (so called Pillar 2 capital requirements). The combined buffer represents an additional 
layer of capital which banks need to hold to counter systemic, macro-prudential and other risks not covered 
by idiosyncratic Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 minimum capital requirements.  
On 14 December 2022, the ECB notified Banco BPM of its final decision on the minimum capital ratios 
to be complied with by Banco BPM on an ongoing basis, based on the outcome of the annual SREP, 
conducted in compliance with Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013. The SREP is aimed at 
ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to 
maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well 
as robust governance and internal control arrangements. Therefore, in compliance with Article 16(2)(a) 
of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 which confers on the ECB the power to require supervised banks to 
hold own funds in excess of the minimum capital requirements laid down by current regulations, a 
requirement of 2.50% was introduced to be added to the minimum capital requirements. Such SREP 
requirement must be maintained by Banco BPM with 56.25% as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and 75% 
as Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1). Taking into account this additional capital requirement, the Banco BPM Group 
is required to meet, for 2023, the following capital ratios at consolidated level, in accordance with the 
transitional criteria in place: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.70%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 10.68%; (iii) Total Capital ratio 
of 13.32%; and (iv) Total SREP Capital requirement of 10.25%. Following the update of the 
countercyclical capital buffer as at 31 December 2022, which amounts to 0.011%, the minimum ratios 
that Banco BPM will have to comply with in 2023 are now equal to: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.71%; (ii) Tier 1 
ratio of 10.69%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.33%. However, there can be no assurance that the total 
capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Banco BPM Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as to the result of any 
future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds requirements on 
the Issuer or the Banco BPM Group.  
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
Further, the Basel III agreements provided for (i) the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio or 
(“LCR”), which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetizable, in order 
to establish and maintain a liquidity buffer which will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event

--- Page 225 ---
217 
 
 
of serious stress (as of 1 January 2018, the indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement of 
100 per cent) and (ii) a Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), with a time period of more than one year, 
introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable expiry structure. The Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the LCR, while the 
relevant provisions concerning NSFR are included in the amendments to the CRR comprised in the EU 
Banking Reform referred to below. With reference to the LCR, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into 
account the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, announced that banks were allowed to operate 
temporarily below the minimum LCR. On 17 December 2021, the ECB stated its intention not to extend 
beyond December 2021 the liquidity relief measure that allowed banks to operate with a LCR below 
100%. Therefore, as of 1 January 2022 all banks are required to maintain a LCR of above 100%. 
The EU Banking Reform 
In November 2016, the European Commission announced a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks, resulting in the amendment of the CRD IV, the CRR, the BRRD 
and the SRM by the following: 
- 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRD 
V”) amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures; 
- 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRR 
II”) amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements; 
- 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD 
II”) amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; and  
- 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“SRM 
II”) amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force 20 days 
thereafter, on 27 June 2019 (the “EU Banking Reform”).  
Many of the changes to the CRR by CRR II, are directly applicable to the Banco BPM Group from that 
date. 
The EU Banking Reform includes, among other things, a binding 3% leverage ratio and a binding 100% 
NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their long-term 
activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in order to 
increase banks’ resilience to funding constraints. In particular, the binding 3% leverage ratio is added to 
the own funds requirements set forth in Article 92(1) of the CRR. The leverage ratio requirement is a 
parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements, and will apply - from June 2021 - to all 
credit institutions and investment firms that fall under the scope of the CRR, subject to selected 
adjustments. Institutions should be able to use any Tier 1 capital that they use to meet their leverage-related 
requirements to also meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the combined buffer 
requirement. 
In addition, under the new Article 92(a) to the CRR, each institution that is a G-SII is expected to be 
required to comply with, commencing 1 January 2022, a leverage ratio buffer requirement (equal to 50% 
of the G-SII buffer referred to above) above the minimum leverage ratio. Failure by a G-SII to meet this 
leverage ratio buffer requirement will result in application of the restrictions on distribution provisions by 
reference to the Leverage ratio related Maximum Distributable Amount (“L-MDA”). The EU Banking 
Reform furthermore amends Article 131(5) of the CRD IV by increasing, based on a decision of the 
relevant supervisor, the O-SII buffer to up to 3% of the total risk exposure amount, and requires the

--- Page 226 ---
218 
 
 
Commission to investigate whether a leverage ratio buffer is appropriate also for O-SII. The 3% leverage 
ratio, the G-SII leverage ratio buffer requirement and the NSFR introduced by the EU Banking Reform 
are consistent with the corresponding requirements agreed upon at international level by the Basel 
Committee. 
From time to time, in line with the amendments made to the EU legislative framework, the Consolidated 
Banking Act and Circular No. 285 have been updated to reflect the relevant changes to the provisions of 
the CRR. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU, providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force. 
The BRRD provides the competent authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly 
in an unsound or failing institution so that it can ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial 
and economic functions, whilst minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and 
financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - 
which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims including Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments 
that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other 
instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the “General Bail-In Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of 
the General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and made use of the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden 
sharing requirement of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. In particular, a single resolution fund 
financed by bank contributions at a national level is being established and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
establishes the modalities for the use of the fund and the general criteria to determine contributions to the 
fund. 
An institution will be considered to be failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to 
holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject 
to any application of the General Bail-In Tool.  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution and/or its group

--- Page 227 ---
219 
 
 
meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution and/or 
its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such 
support the institution would no longer be viable.  
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities also have the power – with reference to 
subordinated debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution – to 
amend or alter the maturity of such debt instruments and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured 
liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 of 16 November 2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
“BRRD Decrees”), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015, and amended and supplemented by Legislative Decree No. 183 of 8 November 2021, 
implementing BRRD II provisions in Italy. 
With respect to the BRRD Decrees, Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 sets forth provisions 
regulating resolution plans, the commencement and closing of resolution procedures, the adoption of 
resolution measures, crisis management related to cross-border groups, powers and functions of the national 
resolution authority and also the regulation of the national resolution fund. On the other hand, Legislative 
Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 introduces certain amendments to the Italian Banking Act and the 
Financial Services Act, by introducing provisions regulating recovery plans, intra-group financial support, 
early intervention measures and changes to creditor hierarchy. Moreover, this decree also amends certain 
provisions regulating the extraordinary administration procedure (amministrazione straordinaria), in order 
to make them compliant with the European regulation. The regulation on the liquidation procedures applied 
to banks (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) are also amended in compliance with the new regulatory 
framework and certain new market standard practices. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published 
on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying 
further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority 
may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion 
powers where the General Bail-In Tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/860 entered 
into force on 21 June 2016. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such 
that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage 
level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies 
to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member 
States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with 
rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 
181/2015 of 16 November 2015 has amended the bail-in creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of 
Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits 
other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs 
benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower 
than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee 
scheme. Article 108 of the BRRD has been further amended further to proposals by the European 
Commission to introduce a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to 
facilitate credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt instruments, by creating, inter alia, a new 
asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt instruments with a lower rank than ordinary senior unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency. In such perspective, Article 108 of the BRRD aims at enhancing the 
implementation of the bail-in tool and at facilitating the application of the “minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities” requirement concerning the loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms described further below. The amendment to Article 108 has been 
‘fast tracked’ through the adoption of Directive (EU) No. 2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 amending the 
BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy which was published

--- Page 228 ---
220 
 
 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 27 December 2017. Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian 
Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” 
senior debt instruments. 
Pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 
November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation 
to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that 
these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and 
their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledges, lien or collateral which it is 
secured. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application 
of the General Bail-In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, in Article 44(3), that the resolution authority may 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, the 
BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, 
holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion upon application of the General Bail-In 
Tool while other pari passu ranking liabilities are partially or fully excluded from such application of the 
General Bail-In Tool. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD would not provide any protection 
since Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which 
are in excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency 
proceedings rather than to address any such possible unequal treatment. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise 
of the statutory rights of set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting 
set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Each holder of Subordinated 
Notes and Senior Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement 
or other similar remedies which it might otherwise have had, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect 
of such Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes. Similarly, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off available 
under Italian insolvency laws will not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD impact credit institutions and investment firms and how they are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
may be subject to write-down/conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the General 
Bail-In Tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion 
or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders 
of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes. 
The legislative decree to implement the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy – namely, 
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 – has been published in the Italian Official Gazette No. 56 
of 8 March 2016. The Decree came into force on 9 March 2016, except for Article 1 comma 3, let. A), 
which came into force on 1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree amends the Italian Banking Act 
and: (i) establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to depositors is EUR 100,000 (this level 
of coverage has been harmonised by the Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes); (ii) 
lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee scheme; and (iv) harmonises the methods of 
reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
In addition to the capital requirements under the CRD IV Package, the BRRD introduces requirements for 
banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the “MREL”). The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted 
for each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to 
ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution.  
The Bank of Italy is responsible for managing the crisis by preparing, in cooperation with the Single 
Resolution Board for significant banks (such as the Banco BPM) or independently for less significant banks, 
the resolution plans. The resolution plans focus on identifying the critical business units, assessing and 
addressing any impediments to resolution, defining an adequate MREL level, and determining the strategy 
and resolution mechanisms and tools to be used in the event of a crisis (pursuant to article 3 of Legislative 
Decree 72/2015). In the event of a crisis involving a significant bank, the Bank of Italy is also responsible 
for carrying out the resolution plan drawn up and approved by the Single Resolution Board; while, for

--- Page 229 ---
221 
 
 
Italian less significant banks, the Bank of Italy prepares the resolution plan for approval by the Minister of 
Economy and Finance (MEF) and implements it. 
The BRRD, as amended by the EU Banking Reform, introduces a minimum harmonized MREL 
requirement (also referred to as a “Pillar 1 MREL requirement”) applicable to G-SIIs, to be satisfied only 
with own funds and eligible liabilities subordinated to excluded liabilities (even if, under specific 
conditions, part of the requirement may be satisfied with non-subordinated liabilities). In addition, all EU 
banks will be required to comply with a bank specific (in terms of calibration) MREL requirement (a “Pillar 
2 MREL requirement”), which can be satisfied also through the use of non subordinated liabilities, for 
the amount exceeding a minimum subordination level equal to 8% of TLOF (total liabilities and own funds) 
and applicable to G-SIBs and “Top Tier” banks (banks with assets exceeding Euro 100 billion) only. 
However, if a bank is identified among the “riskiest” EU institutions, the Resolution Authority can decide 
to discretionally raise the applicable subordination requirement beyond the minimum level, in any case 
subject to the resolution authority assessment and determination. 
The Financial Stability Board published the “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Term Sheet” on 9 
November 2015, applicable to G-SIBs (referred to as G-SIIs in the European Union framework). The EU 
Banking Reform has introduced amendments aimed at implementing and integrating the TLAC 
requirements into the general MREL rules, thereby avoiding duplication from the application of two parallel 
requirements and ensuring that both the TLAC and MREL requirements are met with largely similar 
instruments. The resolution authorities will also be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to 
require that G-SIIs comply with an institution-specific supplementary MREL requirement (a ‘Pillar 2’ add-
on requirement). The TLAC requirement is at the moment applied only to the G-SIBs and consequently not 
applicable to the Banco BPM Group. 
Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its combined buffer requirement when considered in addition 
to its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, resolution authorities have the power to 
prohibit certain distributions in accordance with the restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to 
the Maximum Distributable Amount. The Relevant Authority may furthermore exercise its supervisory 
powers under Article 104 of the CRD IV in case of breach of the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities.  
Financial conglomerates 
Legislative Decree No. 142 of May 30, 2005 (implementing Directive 2002/87/EC) provides for additional 
supervision (“supplementary supervision”) of banks, insurance companies and investment firms that are 
part of a “financial conglomerate”. 
The supplementary supervision rules seek to safeguard the stability of financial conglomerates as well as 
the stability of the single entities within financial conglomerates, regardless of whether they are regulated 
entities. These rules seek to prevent destabilizing effects on the financial system that can arise from 
problems with individual entities within a financial conglomerate. 
On November 16, 2005, the Bank of Italy entered into an agreement with IVASS to regulate, in accordance 
with Legislative Decree No. 142/2005, the capital adequacy requirements of financial conglomerates. In 
accordance with this agreement, the Bank of Italy is primarily responsible for supervising financial 
conglomerates (like the Group) that have a bank as the parent company. 
On November 16, 2011 the EU adopted Directive 2011/89/EU which amends Directives 98/78/EC, 
2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC, regarding the supplementary supervision of financial entities 
in a financial conglomerate. The Directive, inter alia, (i) includes asset management companies in the 
threshold tests for identifying a financial conglomerate, (ii) allows for both sector-specific (banking and 
insurance) supervision and supplementary supervision of a financial conglomerate’s parent entity, (iii) 
introduces a waiver for smaller groups if the relevant supervisor deems the group’s risks to be negligible 
and (iv) allows for risk-based assessments, in addition to existing definitions relating to size, in identifying 
financial conglomerates. Directive 2011/89/EU has been implemented by Legislative Decree No. 53 of 
March 4, 2014. 
The Legislative Decree No. 53/2014 amended the definition of “financial conglomerate” provided under 
the Legislative Decree No. 142/2005. In line with the definition set out under the relevant EU framework, 
the definition of financial conglomerate set forth in Legislative Decree No. 142/2005 includes any group

--- Page 230 ---
222 
 
 
or subgroup, which meets the following conditions:  (a) there is a regulated entity at the head of the group 
or subgroup:  (i) such entity is a parent undertaking of an entity in the financial sector, an entity which holds 
a participation in an entity in the financial sector, or an entity linked with an entity in the financial sector 
by a relationship resulting in such entities being subject to the direction of the same entity by virtue of 
agreements or by-laws’ provisions or where the majority of the members of the management, supervisory 
and control bodies of such entities are the same; (ii) at least one of the entities in the group or subgroup is 
within the insurance sector and at least one is within the banking or investment services sector; and (iii) the 
consolidated or aggregated activities of the entities in the group or subgroup within the insurance sector 
and of the entities within the banking and investment services sector are both significant; or (b) where there 
is no regulated entity at the head of the group or subgroup: (i) the group’s or subgroup’s activities occur 
mainly in the financial sector; (ii) at least one of the entities in the group or subgroup is within the insurance 
sector and at least one is within the banking or investment services sector; and (iii) the consolidated or 
aggregated activities of the entities in the group or subgroup within the insurance sector and of the entities 
within the banking and investment services sector are both significant. 
Regulatory measures on NPLs 
Article n. 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) specifies the 
definition of default of an obligor. In this regard, Article 178 of the CRR mandates the EBA to detail 
guidelines on the application of the definition of “default”. Consequently the “Guidelines on the application 
of the definition of default under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013” (the “Guidelines” or “New 
DoD”) ruled all provisions related to the application of the definition of default of an obligor. The EBA has 
identified different practices used by institutions as regards to the definition of default and provided detailed 
clarifications on the application of the definition of default, which includes aspects such as the days past 
due criterion, indications of unlikeliness to pay, conditions for a return to non-defaulted status, application 
of the default definition in a banking group and specific aspects related to particular exposures (e.g., public 
exposures, factoring exposures). 
The Bank of Italy subsequently incorporated the guidelines into national regulatory provisions framework 
(in particular Circular no. 272 of 30 July 2008 and subsequent amendments – “Matrice dei Conti”), 
applicable from 1 of January 2021, as well as having issued some clarifications on the matter. 
Moreover, on 14 March 2018, the European Commission published certain legislative proposals aimed at 
addressing the issues connected with the existing stock of NPLs held by European banks – namely (i) a 
proposal for a Regulation amending the CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for NPLs, which was later 
enacted through Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of 17 April 2019, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2020/873 
(the “Prudential Backstop Regulation”) (also known as calendar provisioning); (ii) a proposal for a 
directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; and (iii) a blueprint on asset 
management companies, accompanying the EC’s “Second Progress Report” on NPLs.  
In parallel with the above proposals, on 15 March 2018 the ECB issued an addendum, “Addendum to the 
Guidance on non-performing loans” (the “ECB Addendum”) to its “Guidance to banks on NPLs of March 
2017” (the “NPLs Guidance”). The ECB Addendum details the ECB supervisory expectations as regards 
the minimum levels of NPLs provisioning by significant credit institutions. These Guidelines (based on a 
Pillar 2 approach, to be incorporated into SREP decisions) are to be applied to all new non performing 
exposures (i.e. Past Due, Unlikely to Pay, Bad Loans) classified as such since 1 April 2018. The ECB 
Addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs must be fully covered 
after a period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, the supervisor would 
expect a loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be fully provisioned for by May 
2020. For new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after three years of classification 
as an NPL, or “NPL vintage”, which then increases over time until year seven. In this case, if a secured 
loan was classified as an NPL on 1 May 2018, the supervisor would expect these NPLs to be at least 40 per 
cent. provisioned for by May 2021, and totally provisioned by May 2025. The potential gap between the 
coverage envisaged by the new rules and the provisions applied at the reference date can be addressed 
through a Core Tier 1 deduction or an increase of provisions.  
The Prudential Backstop Regulation imposes a “Pillar 1” minimum regulatory backstop for the provisioning 
of NPLs by EU banks. The minimum provisioning level is calculated by multiplying the value of the 
relevant NPLs within the portfolio by the factors indicated in the Prudential Backstop Regulation, which 
differ depending on (i) the number of years after the date on which the exposure was classified as non-
performing, and (ii) whether the NPL is classified as “secured” or “unsecured” exposure (and if secured,

--- Page 231 ---
223 
 
 
whether the exposure is secured by immovable collateral or residential loan guaranteed by an eligible 
protection provider or is secured by other funded or unfunded credit protection), in accordance with the 
criteria set forth in the Prudential Backstop Regulation. In particular, under the Prudential Backstop 
Regulation the Issuer is required to apply a minimum provisioning level for NPLs equal to 100% after ten 
years (in case of exposures secured by immovable property or residential loan), eight years (in case of 
exposures secured by other funded or unfunded credit protection) or four years (in case of unsecured 
exposures) from the date when the exposure was classified as non-performing. If the aggregate amount of 
provisions and other eligible items is lower than such minimum provisioning level, any shortfall (so-called 
“insufficient coverage amount”) shall be fully deducted from CET1 items. 
The statutory prudential backstop applies only to exposures originated after the date of entry into force of 
the regulation and not to prior legacy exposures. However, the Prudential Backstop Regulation specifies 
that where the terms and conditions of an exposure which was incurred prior to the date of entry into force 
of the regulation are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution’s exposure to the 
obligor, the exposure shall be considered as having been incurred on the date of the modification so that 
such exposure becomes subject to the new regime including the statutory prudential backstop. 
On 22 August 2019 the ECB published a revised version of its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning for NPLs, as set forth in the ECB Addendum, with a view to align such expectations to the 
regulatory approach followed under the Prudential Backstop Regulation. The main changes introduced by 
the ECB relate to: (i) the scope of the supervisory expectations for new NPLs, which is now limited to 
NPLs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019 (which are not subject to the Pillar 1 treatment 
provided under the Prudential Backstop Regulation); and (ii) the time frames for the relevant prudential 
provisioning, the progressive path to full implementation and the split of secured exposures and other 
guaranteed exposures, which have been aligned to the Prudential Backstop Regulation. 
In the context of the actions taken by the supervisory authorities to mitigate the effect of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the EU banks’ capital requirements, the European Central Bank and the European Banking 
Authority have issued statements in March 2020 aimed at providing clarity on aspects related to (i) the 
classification of loans in default, (ii) the identification of forborne exposures and (iii) the accounting 
treatment, with the ultimate goal to support government actions addressing the adverse systemic economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which have mostly taken the form of general moratoria and payment 
holidays. In this respect, in April 2020 the European Commission has also published (i) a proposal to amend 
the CRR in order to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic by adapting the timeline of 
the application of international accounting standards on EU banks’ capital, treating more favourably public 
guarantees granted during this crisis, postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer and 
excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; and (ii) an interpretative 
communication confirming the flexibility available to EU banks with respect to the classification of loans 
in connection with public and private moratoria. 
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might have impact 
on the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
- 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new 
requirements for business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with a specific 
timeline; 
- 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new measures that 
could be easily applicable to still active borrowers, such as public guarantees on lending to SMEs, 
public aid on new financing and new securitization rules. 
Payment Services Directive 
On 13 November 2007, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2007/64/EC (“PSD1”) 
to harmonize the payment services market and remove legal barriers for payments throughout the EU. PSD1 
has, among others, introduced a licensing system for market access by payment service providers and 
regulated the relationship between payment service providers and consumers. PSD1 was intended to 
improve competition by opening up payment markets to new entrants, thereby encouraging greater 
efficiency and cost reduction, and, at the same time, to support the creation of a Single European Market 
for Retail Payment Services (“SEPA”).

--- Page 232 ---
224 
 
 
On 25 November 2015, PSD1 was repealed by Directive (EU) No 2015/2366 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (“PSD2”), in light of the progress made in the integration of the payments market in the 
EU and the considerable technical innovations that have occurred since the adoption of PSD1. PSD2 seeks 
to address the evolution of the payments market and respond to certain shortcomings of the previous regime, 
including, in particular: (i) the uneven application of the relevant rules in the different EU Member States; 
(ii) the existence of numerous exemptions from the scope of PSD1; and (iii) the regulatory vacuum in which 
many operators in the sector have operated under PSD1. 
To this end, PSD2 has: (i) broadened the scope of application of the provisions on payment services; (ii) 
introduced new payment services to cover services previously seen as merely complementary, such as the 
provision of payment orders and account information; and (iii) strengthened safeguards against operational 
and security risks related to payment services. 
The framework outlined by PSD2 supplemented by the implementing regulations of the European 
Commission that are directly applicable to recipients and by the guidelines established by the EBA 
(“EBA”). 
Within the framework set out in PSD2, it is envisaged, among others, that: 
- 
unless the payment service user has acted fraudulently, in the case of an unauthorized payment 
transaction resulting from the use or misappropriation of a lost or stolen payment instrument, the 
payment service provider5 shall reimburse the amount of the unauthorized payment transaction that 
was executed after the loss, theft or misappropriation was reported to it. Notwithstanding the above, 
the payer may be obliged to bear the loss relating to unauthorized payment transactions resulting 
from the use of a lost or stolen payment instrument or from its misappropriation up to a maximum 
of €50,000; and 
- 
in relation to information security, payment service providers are called upon to establish a 
framework of mitigation measures and appropriate control mechanisms to manage operational and 
security risks, relating to the payment services they provide, establish and manage effective incident 
management procedures, including for the identification and classification of serious operational 
and security incidents. Payment service providers are also required to initiate a process of archiving, 
monitoring and controlling access to sensitive payment data and are required to implement Strong 
Customer Authentication (SCA) when a payment service user accesses his payment account online, 
or makes an online payment, or carries out any action which may imply a risk of payment fraud or 
other abuse. 
In Italy, the fundamental principles governing the provision of payment services are contained in 
Legislative Decree no. 11 of January 27, 2010 (“Decree on Payment Services”), which implemented PSD1 
and the Consolidated Banking Act. Legislative Decree no. 218 of 15 December 2017 (“Decree no. 218”) 
implemented PSD2 in Italy, making significant changes to both the Consolidated Banking Act and the 
Decree on Payment Services. SCA is regulated in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/389 of 27 
November 2017 supplementing Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
with regard to regulatory technical standards for strong customer authentication, and common and secure 
open standards of communication. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to the provisions of law and regulations aimed at preventing money 
laundering and terrorist financing. These provisions are mainly contained in: 
• 
Legislative Decree no. 231/07, as amended by: 
- 
Legislative Decree no. 90 of 25 May 2017, which amended Legislative Decree no. 231 of 21 
November 2007 (“Decree 231/2007”), implementing Directive (EU) 2015/849 on the 
prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and amending Directives 2005/60/EC and 2006/70/EC and implementing 
 
5 
Banks fall within the definition of “payment services providers”.

--- Page 233 ---
225 
 
 
Regulation (EU) no. 2015/847 on information accompanying transfers of funds that repeals 
Regulation (EC) no. 1781/2006; and 
- 
Legislative Decree no. 125 of 4 October 2019, which amended, inter alia, Legislative Decree 
no. 90 of 25 May 2017, implementing Directive (EU) 2018/843, amending Directive (EU) 
2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money 
laundering and terrorist financing and that amends Directives 2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU; 
• 
the provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy, pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 1, letter a) of Decree 
231/2007: 
- 
the provisions adopted on 26 March 2019, regarding the organisation, procedures and internal 
controls aimed at preventing the use of intermediaries for the purposes of money laundering 
and terrorist financing; and 
- 
the provisions adopted on 30 July 2019, regarding the adequate verification of clients and for 
the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing; 
• 
the provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy on 24 March 2020, pursuant to Articles 31, 32 and 34 
paragraph 3, regarding the storage and making available of documents, data and information for 
the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing; and 
• 
the provision regarding instructions on objective communications, adopted by the UIF (the Italian 
Financial Intelligence Unit) on 28 March 2019, pursuant to Article 47 of Decree 231/2007. 
The abovementioned regulatory framework determines the requirement for the Issuer and the Banco BPM 
Group to, among other things, comply with the obligations on: (i) the adequate verification of customers; 
(ii) retention of data; (iii) reporting of suspicious transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit set up at the 
Bank of Italy; (iv) adequate training of personnel; (v) sending aggregate anti-money laundering reports; 
and (vi) the implementation of provisions on the limitation of the use of cash and bearer securities; and (vii) 
carrying out a periodical assessment of the group’s exposure to the risk of money laundering and terrorist 
financing. 
MiFID II – Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments 
In relation to the investment services carried out by the Issuer, the latter is subject to EU Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (“MiFID II”) and Regulation EU 600/2014 (“MIFIR”). 
It is a cornerstone of the EU’s regulation of financial markets seeking to improve their competitiveness by 
creating a single market for investment services and activities and to ensure a high degree of harmonised 
protection for investors in financial instruments. MiFID II sets out: 
• 
conduct of business and organisational requirements; 
• 
obligation to provide information; 
• 
regulatory reporting; 
• 
trade transparency obligation; 
• 
record keeping obligation.

--- Page 234 ---
226 
 
 
TAXATION 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain Italian tax consequences of the purchase, the ownership and 
the disposition of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. This summary is based 
upon Italian tax laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to 
any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Bill AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is about to be approved by the Italian Parliament, would delegate 
power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from approval, one or more legislative 
decrees envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system (“Tax Reform”). According to the current version 
of this Bill, the Tax Reform should change significantly the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains 
and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, 
and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage.  The 
information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Tax Treatment of Notes that qualify as “obbligazioni”, “titoli similari alle obbligazioni” or “capital 
adequacy financial instruments” 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income from notes issued, inter 
alia, by Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to interest, premiums and other 
income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “Interest”) paid under Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(“banking bonds”) pursuant to Article 12 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian 
Banking Act”), or as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (“obbligazioni”) pursuant to Article 
44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). 
The same rules apply to Interest paid under financial instruments relevant for capital adequacy purposes 
under EU legislation and domestic prudential legislation, issued by intermediaries supervised by the Bank 
of Italy, other than shares and securities similar to shares (“capital adequacy financial instruments”). 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where an Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
is: 
(i) 
an individual holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected (unless such individual has entrusted the management of the financial assets, including 
the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime 
according to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended 
(“Decree No. 461”) – the “Asset Management Option” – see under “Capital gains tax” below for 
an analysis of such regime ); or 
(ii) 
a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or 
a professional association; or 
(iii) 
a private or public institution (other than companies), trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, with the exclusion of a 
collective investment funds; or 
(iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,

--- Page 235 ---
227 
 
 
Interest payments relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
substitute tax (“imposta sostitutiva”), levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when 
payment thereof is obtained upon disposal of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as “net 
recipients”. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law.  
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (i) and (iii) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest 
will be included in a relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the Italian 
taxation on income due or be claimed for refund in the relevant tax return. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary 
companies, SGRs, stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of 
Finance, as subsequently amended and integrated, i.e. entities resident in Italy or by permanent 
establishments in Italy of banks or intermediaries resident outside Italy (“Intermediaries” and each an 
“Intermediary”). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries 
must intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the 
Notes. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer that qualify as banking bonds, obbligazioni or 
capital adequacy financial instruments, irrespective of their maturity, are not subject to the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva if made to Noteholders who are: (a) Italian resident corporations or a similar commercial 
entities or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected; (b) Italian resident collective investment funds, SICAVs (investment companies with variable 
capital), SICAFs (Italian investment companies with fixed share capital); (c) Italian resident pension funds 
subject to the tax regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; 
(d) Italian resident real estate investment funds pursuant to Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as 
amended, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, as amended, 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, and real estate SICAFs (together, the “Real 
Estate Funds”); and (e) Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised 
financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Option. Such categories are qualified as 
“gross recipients”. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, Noteholders indicated above under (a) to (e) must timely deposit the Notes together with the 
coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Intermediary, the imposta 
sostitutiva is withheld: 
• 
by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholder; or 
• 
by the Issuer, 
and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered 
from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income of the Noteholders who 
are Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to corporate tax income purposes 
(“IRES”). In certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, interest accrued on the

--- Page 236 ---
228 
 
 
Notes would be included also in the “net value of production” for purposes of regional tax on productive 
activities (“IRAP”). 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted 
for the Asset Management Option are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the “Asset 
Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied on 
behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a non-real estate open ended or closed ended investment fund, a 
SICAV or a SICAF (together, the “Fund”) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority and the relevant Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will be included in the calculation of 
the net result accrued at the end of each tax year, but will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other substitute tax at the fund level. Moreover, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. is levied on proceeds 
distributed by the Fund or received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the 
units.  
Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 
of 5 December 2005 are subject to a 20 per cent. annual substitute tax (the “Pension Fund Tax”) on the 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include 
Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 239 in general should not apply with respect 
to Interest on Notes derived by Real Estate Funds. As a general rule, the income of Real Estate Funds is 
exempt at the level of the relevant fund and is subject to tax at the level of the investors.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer that qualify as 
banking bonds, obbligazioni or capital adequacy financial instruments, irrespective of their maturity, will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. provided that: 
(a) 
the payments are made to non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected; and 
(b) 
such beneficial owners are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which recognises the Italian tax 
authorities’ right to an adequate exchange of information and included in the Ministerial Decree 
dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 
March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of 
Decree 239 (the “White List”). For the sake of clarity, the United Kingdom’s exit from the 
European Union has not resulted in the exclusion of the United Kingdom from the White List. 
Accordingly, the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union did not result in a change on 
the tax treatment of Noteholders being resident or established in the UK; and 
(c) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva 
are timely met and complied with. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if applicable, may be reduced (generally to 10 per cent.) under certain 
double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation provided by Measure of the Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of 10 July 
2013 (“Measure No. 2013/84404”). 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of 
Interest in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance 
with international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors even though not 
subject to income tax or to the other similar taxes, which included in the White List and provided that they

--- Page 237 ---
229 
 
 
timely file with the relevant depositary the appropriate self-declaration; and (iii) central banks or entities 
managing official State reserves. 
In order to ensure gross payment of Interest in respect of the Notes, non-Italian resident investors indicated 
above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of the payments of Interest on the Notes; and 
(b) 
timely deposit the Notes with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with (i) an 
Italian bank or SIMs; (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or brokerage 
company which is electronically connected with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance; or 
(iii) a non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management 
system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
timely file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating, inter alia, that the investor is resident, for tax purposes, 
in a country included in the White List. Such self-declaration, which must comply with the 
requirements set forth by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 12 December 2001 
(as amended and supplemented), is valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not be submitted 
where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously 
submitted to the same depository. Such certificate is not requested for non-Italian investors that are 
international entities and organisations set up in accordance with international agreements ratified 
in Italy and Central Banks or entities managing also the official State reserves. Additional 
supporting documentation may sometimes be requested by the relevant depository, which depends 
on the status of the Noteholder and the policies of the relevant depository. 
Failure of a non-resident Noteholder to timely comply with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and 
in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest payments 
to a non-resident Noteholder. 
Tax treatment of Notes that qualify as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that do not qualify as banking bonds, obbligazioni, or capital adequacy 
financial instruments (“atypical securities”) shall be subject to a withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 
per cent. (final or provisional depending on the “status” and the tax residence of the Noteholder). 
Where the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes, the 26 per cent. withholding tax rate may be 
reduced (generally to 10 per cent.) under certain applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more 
favourable, subject to timely filing of required documentation provided by Measure No. 2013/84404. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar 
Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding tax is a 
final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent. withholding tax, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian 
law.  
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as imposta sostitutiva) is applicable 
to capital gains realised by:

--- Page 238 ---
230 
 
 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; 
or 
(d) 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the “tax declaration regime” (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation, 
Italian Noteholders under (a) to (c) above, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same kind, 
realised by the Italian Noteholder pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any 
given tax year. Italian Noteholders under (a) to (c) above, must indicate the overall capital gains realised in 
any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay 
imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian Noteholders under (a) to (c) above may elect to pay 
the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with any authorised intermediary and (ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The authorised intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes net of any incurred capital loss of the same 
kind, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management relationship in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax 
return and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed in a regime of Asset Management Option 
(“risparmio gestito” regime) by an Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. In 
that case the capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains but will contribute to determine the taxable base of the Asset 
Management Tax applicable at rate of 26 per cent. 
In particular, under the Asset Management Option, any appreciation of the Notes, even if not realised, will 
contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the Asset 
Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio accrued at year-end may be carried forward 
against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset 
Management Option the realised capital gain is not requested to be included in the annual income tax return 
of the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law. 
In the case of Notes held by Real Estate Funds, capital gains on Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva but will contribute to determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds 
accrued at the end of each tax year. Therefore, any capital gains on Notes will not be subject to any substitute 
tax at the fund level. Moreover, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by 
the Fund or received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 239 ---
231 
 
 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected will be 
included in their business income subject to IRES. In certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of 
the Noteholder, interest accrued on the Notes would be included also in the “net value of production” for 
IRAP purposes.  
In the case of Notes held by Italian Pension Funds, capital gains on Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva but will contribute to determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the funds, 
which is subject to a 20 per cent. annual substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains on Notes realised by Italian resident real estate investment funds will not be subject to 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains at the level of the fund.  
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23, first paragraph, letter f), of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by 
non-Italian resident persons, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are not subject to taxation in Italy 
to the extent that the Notes are traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject 
to timely filing of required documentation (i.e. a self-declaration stating that the person is not resident in 
Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the 
provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and are held in Italy: 
(a) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 and Decree No. 239, non-Italian resident Noteholders 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt 
from imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a country included 
in the White List. This requirement must be certified by the same self-certification provided above 
for the interests (according to the model set forth by the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance of 12 December 2001, as amended and supplemented). 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime or elect for the Asset 
Management Option, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition 
that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
stating that they are resident, for tax purposes, in a country included in the White List. 
Exemption from Italian imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon disposal of Notes not 
traded on a regulated market also applies to non-Italian residents who are (a) international bodies 
and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; (b) 
certain foreign institutional investors, even though not subject to income tax or to other similar 
taxes, established in countries included in the White List as amended from time to time; and (c) 
Central Banks or other entities, managing also official State reserves. 
(b) 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or non-Italian resident entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double 
taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes 
are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes.

--- Page 240 ---
232 
 
 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime or elect for the Asset 
Management Option, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition 
that the non-Italian residents file in time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate 
documents which include, inter alia, a certificate of residence from the competent tax authorities 
of their country of residence. 
The risparmio amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-resident 
persons and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or administration at Italian 
banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident Noteholders retain the right to waive this 
regime.  
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
the transfers of any valuable asset (including bonds or other securities) as a result of death, gift or transfer 
without consideration are subject to “Inheritance and Gift Tax” (imposta sulle successioni e donazioni) 
under the Legislative Decree No. 346 of 31 October 1990, as amended, as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendents or direct ancestors are subject to Inheritance 
and Gift Tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding 
Euro 1,000,000 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. Inheritance and Gift Tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding Euro 100,000 for each beneficiary; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an Inheritance and Gift Tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an Inheritance and Gift Tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
In cases where the beneficiary has a serious disability, inheritance and gift taxes will apply on its portion 
of the net asset value exceeding Euro 1,500,000. 
An anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets which, if 
sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains to the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree 
No. 461. In particular, if the donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof 
as a gift, the donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift was not 
made. 
Transfer Tax 
Agreements related to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds are subject to registration tax of Euro 200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax of Euro 200 only in some cases set forth by the registration tax law (Presidential Decree 26 April 1986, 
No. 131, as amended) or in case of voluntary registration (filing with the Tax Authority). 
Stamp Duty on the Notes 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff attached to Italian Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as subsequently amended, regulating Italian stamp duty, a proportional stamp duty applies on the 
periodic communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients (with the exception of pension 
funds and health funds) with respect to any financial instruments (including banking bonds, obbligazioni 
and capital adequacy financial instruments) deposited therewith. 
Such stump duty is generally levied by the relevant financial intermediary and computed on the fair market 
value of the financial instruments or, in case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or 
redemption values, or, in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase 
value at the rate of 0.2 per cent, with a cap of Euro 14,000 per year if the Noteholder is different from an

--- Page 241 ---
233 
 
 
individual. The stamp duty is levied on an annual basis. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, 
the stamp duty is determined with reference to such period. 
Moreover, pursuant to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted into law 
with Italian Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, a similar duty applies on the fair market value or, in the 
case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or redemption values, or in the case the face 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including banking 
bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held abroad by Italian resident individuals, 
non-business entities and non-business partnerships that are resident in Italy. Such duty applies at the rate 
of 0.2 per cent. and a tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial 
assets. Pursuant to Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000.00 per year for Noteholders other than individuals. 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990 
(“Decree 167/1990”), as subsequently amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and 
non-commercial partnerships resident in Italy who, during the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have 
foreign financial assets or are the beneficial owners, under the Italian anti-money laundering law, provided 
by Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial 
assets (including Notes held abroad and/or Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer) must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid investments and financial assets to the Italian Tax Authorities in their 
income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time prescribed for the income tax return). 
This obligation does not exist in cases where the financial assets are given in administration or management 
to Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of 
Decree 167/1990, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, 
provided that income deriving from such financial assets has been subject to the applicable withholding tax 
or substitute tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has ceased to 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.

--- Page 242 ---
234 
 
 
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. In particular, with the Law 18 July 2015 No. 95, 
the Republic of Italy ratified and enacted the IGA with the Unites State of America signed on 10 January 
2014. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 15 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA.

--- Page 243 ---
235 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement dated 6 June 2023 (the “Programme Agreement”), agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the relevant Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the relevant Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation 
or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. For the purposes 
of this section, references in this section to “Dealer” and “Dealers” also refers to any Dealer or Dealers 
appointed subsequently. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged 
from their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 244 ---
236 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
general compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that sales of the Notes in Italy shall be effected in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No.

--- Page 245 ---
237 
 
 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian 
Banking Act”) (in each case as amended from time to time); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank 
of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and 
the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015, as amended, 
and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes to the public in the Republic of France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in the Republic of France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion 
de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), all as defined 
in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 246 ---
238 
 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein in Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) 
and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or regulated trading facility in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
“General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 247 ---
239 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Name and Legal Form of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy, is registered 
with number 09722490969 in the companies’ register of Milan and operates in accordance with Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (as amended) (the “Italian Banking Act”). 
Corporate Purpose 
The purpose of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 4 of the By-laws, is to collect savings and provide loans in 
various forms, both directly and through subsidiaries. In compliance with applicable regulations and after 
obtaining the necessary authorisations, the Issuer may carry out, directly or through its subsidiaries, all 
banking, financial and insurance transactions and services, including the establishment and management of 
open or closed-end pension schemes, and other activities that may be performed by lending institutions, 
including the issuance of bonds, the exercise of financing activities regulated by special laws and the sale 
and purchase of company receivables. 
The Issuer may carry out any other transaction that is instrumental or in any way related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. To pursue its objectives, the Issuer may adhere to associations and consortia of the 
banking system, both in Italy and abroad. 
In its capacity as parent company of the Group, pursuant to the laws from time to time in force, including 
Article 61, paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, in exercising the activity of direction and coordination 
the Issuer issues guidelines to the Group members, also for the purpose of executing instructions issued by 
the regulatory authorities and in the interest of the stability of the Group. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Article 6 of the By-laws, the subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Issuer is 
Euro 7,100,000,000 and is represented by 1,515,182,126 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
Authorisation 
The updates of the Programme was duly authorised by resolution of the management board of the Issuer 
dated 18 June 2019.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Banco BPM is 815600E4E6DCD2D25E30. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch is acting as listing agent in connection with the Programme and the 
Notes. BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility 
in Luxembourg. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, 
be available for inspection or collection by Noteholders from the registered office of the Issuer and from

--- Page 248 ---
240 
 
 
the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in London or may be provided by the Issuer or 
the Paying Agent via email: 
(a) 
the by-laws (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer in each case together 
with the audit report prepared in connection therewith and the most recently published unaudited 
consolidated condensed interim financial statements of the Issuer (with an English translation 
thereof), together with the limited review report prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer 
currently intends to prepare audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis 
and unaudited consolidated condensed interim financial statements on a semi-annual and quarterly 
basis; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes 
in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(e) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
(save that a Final Terms relating to a Note, which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note upon reasonable request and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its proof of holding of 
Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference; and 
(f) 
any “Green Bond Framework”, “Social Bond Framework” and/or “Sustainable Bond Framework” 
that the Issuer may publish in connection with the issuance of Notes classified as “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”. 
In addition copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, each Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document 
incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). 
In addition, copies of the by-laws of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof) and the provisions 
governing the meeting of noteholders set out in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Physical Form will 
be available on the Issuer’s website (https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in Physical Form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and 
ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption 
or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place of business at 
Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders 
(including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 249 ---
241 
 
 
Website and Telephone 
The website of the Issuer is https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/ and its telephone numbers are +39 02 77 001 
and +39 045 8675 111. The information on https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/ does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Issuer’s website has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.  
Significant or Material Change 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict have significantly increased the uncertainties in 
the economy and the financial markets, as discussed in “Risks related to the impact of global macro-
economic factors and the consequences arising from the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict” on 
page 12 of this Base Prospectus. Except for the potential direct and indirect impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic and of the Russia-Ukraine conflict indicated in the previous paragraph, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 31 March 2023 and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Save as described under “Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings of the Group – Ongoing Legal and 
Administrative Proceeding”, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or 
the Group. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has no material contracts in place which could result in any member of the Group being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes, 
other than those contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
Independent Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. was appointed by the shareholders’ meetings of Banca Popolare di Milano 
S.c. a r.l. and Banco Popolare – Società Cooperativa held on 15 October 2016 in the context of the Merger 
as independent auditor of the Issuer for its consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements 
as well as for its interim consolidated financial statements. The engagement of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A. will expire upon approval of the Issuer’s financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 
December 2025. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 June 
2012). The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Moody’s France SAS, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH is established in the 
European Union and registered in accordance with Regulation No. 1060/2009/EC of the European 
Parliament and the Council dated 16 September 2009 relating to credit rating agencies, and is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the 
sector in which the Issuer and/or their affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may 
receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the 
Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related

--- Page 250 ---
242 
 
 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary 
fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of 
the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” also includes 
a parent company. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable 
to the relevant Dealers. 
In addition, a Calculation Agent may be appointed by the Issuer in connection with specific Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. The Calculation Agent will be an 
agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders, therefore potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation 
Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions.  
The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 251 ---
THE ISSUER 
BANCO BPM S.p.A. 
Piazza Filippo Meda, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT FOR THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law  
in respect of the Notes in Physical Form 
 
To the Issuer as to Italian law  
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes  
 
White & Case LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Studio Legale Cappelli RCCD 
Piazza Castello 27 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Italian tax law 
 
Studio Legale associato ad Ashurst LLP 
Piazza San Fedele, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
 
Clifford Chance 
Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Viale Eginardo, 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte  
Madrid  
Spain

--- Page 252 ---
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 4QA  
United Kingdom 
 Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94,  
Amsterdam 1082 MD,  
The Netherlands  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg