--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 20,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by MPS Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the 
meaning given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this € 20,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Banca Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena S.p.A. ("BMPS" or the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) (the "Covered Bonds") in accordance with Title I-bis of Italian law No. 
130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended from time to time, “Law 130”) which has implemented Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for covered bonds and the 
supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza 
per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) (as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, including on 30 March 2023, the “Bank of Italy Regulations”). The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed € 
20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). The Covered 
Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up of the Issuer, 
any funds realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the "Guarantee") which is collateralised by a pool of assets 
(the "Cover Pool") made up of Mortgage Loans assigned and to be assigned to the Guarantor by the 
Principal Seller and the Additional Seller(s), and of other Eligible Assets. Recourse against the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority in Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a base prospectus 
under article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the 
"Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval 
by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality 
of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds. Application has been made for Covered 
Bonds to be admitted during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to listing 
on the official list and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/UE (MiFID II) 
as subsequently amended. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that 
(i) they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system. As referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 12 October 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall 
have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Interest amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to euro 
interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) or such other reference rate, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") under article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation").  
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See "Risk Factors" 
for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered 
Bonds and the section entitled "Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.".  
From their relevant issue dates, the Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer and dematerialised form or 
in any other form as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds issued in bearer and 
dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners by Euronext Securities Milan 
("Euronext Securities Milan") for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Milan account holders. 
Euronext Securities Milan will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream"). The Covered Bonds issued in bearer and 
dematerialised form will at all times be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions of 
the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official 
Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised 
form. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption 
in whole or in part in certain circumstances (as set out in Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase)). 
Unless previously redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Maturity Date (or, as applicable, the Extension Determination Date), provided that if: 
(i) 
a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor as a result 
of the Issuer having failed to pay, in whole or in part, the Guaranteed Amounts on the Maturity 
Date for such Series of Covered Bonds and, on the relevant Extension Determination Date, the 
Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, 
the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the Issuer Event of Default referred to 
in paragraph (i) above) and, on the Maturity Date for such Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, 
the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, 
then the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds shall become a Pass Through Series and (in 
accordance with article 7-terdecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130) payment of the unpaid amount by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be automatically deferred until the Extended Maturity Date,

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on 
such Pass Through Series after the relevant Extension Determination Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any Guarantor Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date for such Pass Through Series in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Investors should also consider that if, on any Test Calculation Date following the service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice (and, in case of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as a result of an Article 
74 Event, prior to the service of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), the Calculation Agent notifies, 
through the Test Performance Report, the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller and the Guarantor 
that the Amortisation Test is not met, then all Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through 
Series. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the 
Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax, 
in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (the "Decree No. 239"), as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and any related regulations. Upon the occurrence of 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax from any payments under any Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, neither the Issuer nor any other person shall have any obligation to pay any 
additional amount(s) to any holder of Covered Bonds any Series or Tranche. For further details see the 
section entitled "Taxation". 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may or may not be assigned a rating by one or more Rating 
Agencies. 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, is expected to be 
assigned, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the following credit ratings: A1 by 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"), AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and AA by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH ("DBRS" and, together with Moody's and Fitch, the "Rating Agencies" and, each of them, 
a "Rating Agency"). Each of Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is established in the EEA and is registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Please refer to the 
ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs in order to 
consult the updated list of registered credit rating agencies. Any websites included in this Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by any or all of the Rating Agencies and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any other.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as amended from time to time (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
(the 
"ESMA") 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority 
(the “FCA”) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies, 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the 
section headed "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
 
JOINT-ARRANGERS FOR THE PROGRAMME 
Barclays 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena S.p.A. 
 
NatWest Markets 
DEALERS 
Barclays 
NatWest Markets 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 October 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered 
Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto, with all 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as defined herein), with the relevant Final 
Terms (as defined herein). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are based 
on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In respect of information in this Base 
Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the 
Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or any of the Dealers or the Joint-
Arrangers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) 
(the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Joint-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Joint-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Joint-Arrangers or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Joint-Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered 
Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US persons. There are 
further restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds 
in the European Economic Area, including the Republic of Italy, in Japan and in the United Kingdom. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Joint-Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Joint-Arrangers make any representation, express or implied, 
or accept any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in 
this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Joint-Arrangers or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase 
the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Joint-Arrangers undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or the Joint-
Arrangers. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, all 
references to "£" or "Sterling" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, "Dollars" are to the currency 
of the United States of America and all references to "€", "euro" and "Euro" are to the lawful currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not 
form part of the Prospectus. 
Figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same item of information may vary, and figures which are totals may not be the 
arithmetical aggregate of their components. 
In connection with any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, one or more Dealers or Managers may act 
as a stabilising manager (the "Stabilising Manager"). The identity of the Stabilising Manager will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. References in the next paragraph to "the issue" of any Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in relation to which any 
Stabilising Manager is appointed. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer(s) or the Manager(s) 
(if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there can be no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme as from the date of this Base Prospectus, are 
intended to be eligible for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label as set out under article 7-
viciesbis of Law 130, provided that they comply with Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and article 
129 of the CRR. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme will be and will remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label until their maturity. Whether the Covered Bonds are intended to benefit, benefit or do not benefit 
from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT.................................................................................................................5 
CONTENTS ...........................................................................................................................................9 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ................................................................10 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW .......................................................................................................................11 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................97 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .......................................................................... 102 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 181 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 192 
BANCA MONTE DEI PASCHI DI SIENA S.P.A. ....................................................................................... 193  
REGULATORY ASPECTS ..................................................................................................................... 239 
THE GUARANTOR ............................................................................................................................. 260 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS .............................................................................. 263 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ......................................................................................................................... 285 
CASHFLOWS ..................................................................................................................................... 295 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ................................................................................................... 300 
THE ASSET MONITOR ....................................................................................................................... 303 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ............................................................. 306 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 310 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 324 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 328 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................... 333

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have undertaken that, for the duration of the Programme, (i) in the event 
that a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Prospectus arises or is noted which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds which 
may be issued under the Programme, and/or (ii) on or before each anniversary of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (following consultation with the Joint-
Arrangers which will consult with the Dealer(s)) or, as the case may be, publish a replacement 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply 
to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the Dealer(s) to issue Covered Bonds in a form 
not contemplated in the section entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information 
relating to that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds constitutes a significant new factor in relation to 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Series or 
Tranche ("Drawdown Prospectus") will be made available and will contain such information. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be the 
conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", as completed in 
the relevant Final Terms or amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being completed in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bonds or (2) by a 
registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Covered 
Bonds and, if applicable, a summary note.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. The following overview does not purport to be complete and 
is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final 
Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning 
in this overview. 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. acting as Principal Seller. Additional Seller might be any other bank 
which is a member of the Group and wishes to sell Eligible Assets to the Guarantor within the scope of the 
Programme, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and which, for such purpose, shall enter into, inter 
alia, the Master Asset purchase Agreement and any other required Programme document. 
(2) 
One or more suitably rated entities for the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
 
 
Issuance
Proceeds
Monitoring Activity 
SPV Title 1-bis  
L.130/99 
MPS Covered 
Bond S.r.l 
Subordinated Loan
Repayments
INVESTORS
Covered  
Bond (OBG) 
Guarantee over the Cover Pool 
Subordinated Loans 
Covered Bonds
Interest and
Principal
Asset Monitor 
( "Deloitte & 
Touche S.p.A." ) 
Cover Pool
Provider 
Banca 
di Siena 
. (2) 
 
Assets
ROB 
Representative of 
Bondholders 
( “ BNY Corporate Trustee 
Services Ltd. " ) 
SELLERS (1) 
Euribor 
Cedola Titolo 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap
con ctp di mercato per
bond a tasso fisso

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
PARTIES  
Issuer 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. a bank incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy as a società per azioni, 
having its registered office at Piazza Salimbeni, 3, 53100, 
Siena, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies 
register of Siena number 00884060526, registered under 
number 5274 with the register of banks held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act 
("BMPS" or the "Issuer"). 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see section
“Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.”. 
Guarantor 
MPS Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company 
incorporated in Italy pursuant to Law No. 130 of 30 April 
1999 ("Law 130"), having as its exclusive purpose the 
purchase of receivables and bonds, by means of financing 
granted or guaranteed also by the originating bank and the 
granting of security for bonds issued by the same bank or by 
other banks pursuant to Title I -bis of Law 130, having its 
registered office at via V. Alfieri 1, 31015, Conegliano (TV), 
Italy, fiscal code and registration with the companies' 
registerer of Treviso-Belluno number 04323680266, MPS 
VAT Group – VAT number 01483500524, subjected to 
management and coordination activities by Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A. and belonging to the Montepaschi 
Banking Group (the "Guarantor"). 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see section 
"The Guarantor". 
Principal Seller 
BMPS, pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase
Agreement.  
For a more detailed description of BMPS, see section " Banca
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.". 
Additional Seller(s) 
Any other bank which is a member of the Montepaschi Group 
and wishes to sell Eligible Assets to the Guarantor within the 
scope of the Programme, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions and which, for such purpose, shall enter into, inter
alia, the Master Assets Purchase Agreement with the 
Guarantor and any other Programme Document. 
On 27 May 2011, Banca Antonveneta S.p.A. ("BAV") acceded to
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and to the Programme 
in the capacity as Additional Seller. Following the merger by 
way of incorporation of BAV in BMPS with effect as of 28 April
2013 (the "Merger"), BMPS assumed all rights and obligations 
of BAV in the capacity as Additional Seller under the 
Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
Documents shall be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which 
takes over any and all activities and roles previously carried 
out by BAV. 
Principal Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement,
BMPS will act as Principal Servicer. 
For a more detailed description of the Principal Servicer, see 
section " Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.". 
Additional Servicer(s) 
Any Additional Seller that, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions, wishes to act as Additional Servicer for the 
administration, management and collection activities relating 
to the Eligible Assets from time to time assigned by it to the 
Guarantor and, for such purpose, has acceded to the Master 
Servicing Agreement. 
On 27 May 2011, BAV acceded to the Master Servicing 
Agreement and to the Programme in the capacity as 
Additional Servicer. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed all 
rights and obligations of BAV in the capacity as Additional 
Servicer under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the 
Programme Documents shall be deemed to be referred to 
BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles 
previously carried out by BAV. 
Back-Up Servicer Facilitator 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter “BANCA 
FININT S.P.A.”, a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a
“società per azioni”, having its registered office in Via V.
Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 
91,743,007.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the
Companies’ 
Register 
of 
Treviso-Belluno 
number
04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - VAT 
number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the Banks 
under 
number 
5580 
pursuant 
to 
article 
13 
of 
the 
Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking
groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia”, further to its accession to the Master 
Servicing Agreement and to the Programme on 3 April 2012. 
Back-up Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any eligible 
counterparty appointed upon the long-term rating of the
Servicer being downgrading below "Baa3" by Moody's, "BBB-"
Fitch and BBB (low) by DBRS, pursuant to the Master Servicing 
Agreement. 
Principal Subordinated Lender 
BMPS, pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
For a more detailed description of the Principal Subordinated

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
Lender, see section " Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.". 
Additional Subordinated Lender(s) 
Each Additional Seller will act as Subordinated Lender in 
respect of the Eligible Assets transferred by itself to the
Guarantor. 
On 27 May 2011, BAV became a Subordinated Lender 
following the execution of a Subordinated Loan Agreement 
with the Guarantor. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed all 
rights and obligations of BAV in the capacity as Additional 
Subordinated Lender under the Programme and any reference
to BAV in the Programme Documents shall be deemed to be 
referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and 
roles previously carried out by BAV. 
Cash Manager 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.. 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch, a bank 
incorporated under the laws of Belgium, having its registered 
office at Multi Tower, Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 – B-1000
Brussels, Belgium, acting through its Milan branch at via Mike 
Bongiorno, No. 13, 20124 Milan, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 
09827740961, enrolled as a "filiale di banca estera" under No.
8070 and with ABI Code 3351.4 with the register of banks 
held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Test Calculation Agent 
Prior to an Issuer Event of Default, Banca Monte dei Paschi di
Siena S.p.A., in its capacity as Pre-Issuer Default Test
Calculation Agent and, after an Issuer Event of Default, Banca
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., which will act in its capacity 
as Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent.  
Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation 
Agent 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation 
Agent 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Italian Account Bank 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. or any other entity 
appointed to act as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement.  
Payments Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch, subject to
it being an Eligible Institution.  
Italian Back-Up Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch, subject to
it being an Eligible Institution.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
Asset Monitor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. a company incorporated under the 
laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milano 
Monza Brianza Lodi under number 03049560166 and with the 
special register of accounting firms held by the "Ministero 
dell'Economia e delle Finanze" n. 132587, having its 
registered office at via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. 
Asset Swap Provider(s) 
No Asset Swap Provider has been appointed as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Covered Bond Swap Providers 
One or more suitably rated entities as may be appointed for 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Guarantor Quotaholders 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. and SVM Securitisation 
Vehicles Management S.r.l. a company incorporated under the 
laws of Italy as società a responsabilità limitata con socio 
unico, having its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1,
31015, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with 
the companies register of Treviso No. 03546510268. 
Representative of the Bondholders 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporate Trustee Services
Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England,
having its registered office at 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Luxembourg Listing and Paying Agent The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg branch, a 
bank incorporated under the laws of Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, having its registered office at Vertigo Building -
Polaris – 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert - L-2453, Luxembourg. 
Joint-Arrangers 
BMPS; 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered 
number 396330 and having its registered office at One 
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 RF29; and 
NatWest Markets N.V., a public limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands, registered with the commercial register of the 
Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 33002587. 
Dealer(s) 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered 
number 396330 and having its registered office at One 
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 RF29; 
NatWest Markets N.V., a public limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands, registered with the commercial register of the 
Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 33002587; 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed in accordance with the

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
Programme Agreement. 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Programme description 
Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer has issued and 
will issue Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) to 
Bondholders on each Issue Date. The Covered Bonds will be 
direct, 
unsubordinated, 
unsecured 
and 
unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee. 
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any 
time outstanding will not exceed Euro 20,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies to be calculated as described in 
the Programme Agreement subject to any increase thereof). 
The Issuer may however increase the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the Programme 
Documents. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
Form of Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions and Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be issued 
in bearer and dematerialised form and held on behalf of their 
ultimate owners by Euronext Securities Milan for the account 
of Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders and title thereto 
will be evidenced by book entries. Euronext Securities Milan 
will act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of any 
such bearer and dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a member state of the European 
Economic 
Area 
in 
circumstances 
which 
require 
the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or where the relevant Series or Tranche is 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without preference among themselves 
and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds 
realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
the Guarantor on their behalf, provided that, pursuant to 
article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, further to enforcement of 
the Guarantee, the Bondholders shall participate in the final 
distribution of the Issuer’s assets in respect of any residual 
amount due to them with any other unsecured creditor 
including – pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 – 
any derivative transaction counterparty. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by 
the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Representative of the Bondholders, subject to prior 
notice to the Rating Agencies (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) subject to compliance with all applicable legal, 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds will have such Maturity Date as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by any relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds will indicate either that the Covered Bonds 
of such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
if it becomes unlawful for any Covered Bond to remain 
outstanding or following a Guarantor Event of Default) or that 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer upon giving notice to the Bondholders on a date or 
dates specified prior to the specified Maturity Date and at a 
price and on other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer(s) as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on the dates indicated in the Final Terms. For 
further details, see Condition 9 (Redemption and purchase). 
Redemption at the option of 
Bondholders 
If the relevant Final Terms of the Covered Bonds provide for a 
put option to be exercised by the Bondholders prior to an 
Issuer Event of Default, the Issuer shall, at the option of any 
Bondholder, redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the 
date which is specified in the relevant put option notice at a 
price (including any interest (if any) accrued to such date) and 
on other terms as may specified in, and determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date and Pass 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Through Series 
of Covered Bonds issued will indicate, in the interest of the 
Guarantor, that the Guarantor's obligations under the 
Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred until 
the Extended Maturity Date.  
Such deferral will occur automatically: (A) in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds (each such Series, a "Pass Through
Series") if (i) a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served
on the Issuer and the Guarantor as a result of the Issuer
having failed to pay, in whole or in part, the Guaranteed 
Amounts on the Maturity Date for such Series of Covered 
Bonds and, on the relevant Extension Determination Date, the 
Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with
the Guarantee Priority of Payments, the Guaranteed Amounts 
in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, or (ii) a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of
Default (other than the Issuer Event of Default referred to in
paragraph (i) above) and, on the Maturity Date for such Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor has insufficient funds to
pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, 
the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered 
Bonds; and (B) in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds, 
which all become Pass Through Series, if, on any Test 
Calculation Date following the service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice (and, in case of a Guarantee Enforcement
Notice delivered as a result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
service of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), the Test
Calculation Agent notifies, through the Test Performance 
Report, the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller and the 
Guarantor that the Amortisation Test is not met. 
Payment 
of 
all 
unpaid 
amounts 
shall 
be 
deferred
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension
Determination Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) 
may be paid, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments, by the Guarantor on any Guarantor Payment Date 
thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended
Maturity Date for such Pass Through Series.  
The Guarantor will be obliged to (A) apply on each Guarantor 
Payment Date any Guarantor Available Funds towards
redemption in full of all Pass Through Series in accordance 
with the Guarantee Priority of Payments; and (B) prior to a 
breach of the Amortisation Test, use its best efforts to sell, in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Management Agreement, Selected Assets, for an amount as 
close as possible to the amount necessary (i) to redeem in full 
(a) the Pass Through Series and/or (only on the GEN Sale Date

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
(as defined in the Cover Pool Management Agreement)) the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds and (ii) to pay any interest 
amount due in respect of the Covered Bonds, net of any
amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts, 
provided that, prior to and following the sale of such Selected 
Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with. 
If, on any Test Calculation Date following the service of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice (and, in case of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice delivered as a result of an Article 74 
Event, prior to the service of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), 
the Test Calculation Agent notifies, through the Test 
Performance Report, the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional 
Seller and the Guarantor that the Amortisation Test is not 
met, the Guarantor shall use its best effort (but shall not be
obliged) to sell all Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool, 
on a semi-annual basis starting from the date falling 30 
calendar days after the date of the relevant Test Performance 
Report, provided that the proceeds of the sale (net of any 
costs connected thereto), together with any amount standing 
to the credit of the Accounts, are sufficient to redeem in full 
the Pass Through Series. For further details, see section 
headed "Disposal of the Eligible Assets included in the Cover
Pool following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice 
and the breach of the Amortisation Test". 
For the avoidance of doubt, failure by the Guarantor to sell 
Selected Assets (or, following the breach of the Amortisation 
Test, all Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool) in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement shall
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid 
amount (to the extent permitted by Italian law) on each 
Guarantor Payment Date up to the Extended Maturity Date, 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For further details, see Condition 9 (Redemption and
Purchase). 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid or partly-paid basis (as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms). 
Interest 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or no interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Any series of Covered Bonds becoming a Pass Through Series 
will accrue the interest rate provided under the relevant Final 
Terms for the period from the Maturity Date to the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, 
which will be payable on the date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such day 
count fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
issue of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, bearing no interest, may be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amortising Covered Bonds 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
predefined, 
prescheduled amortisation schedule where, in addition to 
interest, the Issuer will pay, on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, a portion of principal up to the relevant 
Maturity Date (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) in 
instalments. 
Taxation 
All payments in relation to Covered Bonds will be made 
without tax deduction or withholding except where required 
by law. If any tax deduction is made, the Issuer shall be 
required to pay additional amounts in respect of the amounts 
so deducted or withheld, subject to a number of exceptions 
including deductions on account of Italian substitute tax 
pursuant to Decree No. 239. 
Under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable to pay 
any such additional amounts to any Bondholders in respect of
the amount of such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
For further details, see Condition 11 (Taxation). 
Cross default provisions 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate 
as against each other Series or Tranches, but will not 
otherwise contain a cross default provision. Accordingly, 
neither an event of default under any other indebtedness of 
the Issuer (including other debt securities of the Issuer) nor 
any acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise 
to an Issuer Event of Default (except where such events 
constitute an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer). 
In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically 
give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, provided however 
that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the 
Representative of the Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default 
Notice upon the Guarantor, such Guarantor Default Notice 
will accelerate each Series or Tranche of outstanding Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
For further details, see Condition 12 (Segregation Event and 
Events of Default). 
Notice to the Rating Agencies 
The issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds and Amortisation Covered Bonds) in each case as
specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be subject to 
prior notice to the Rating Agencies. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be 
issued on the basis that (i) they will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as 
may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they will not be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Issue Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may or may not be 
assigned a rating by one or more Rating Agencies. Each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, if rated, is expected to 
be assigned the following ratings on the relevant Issue Date 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms: 
Moody's 
Fitch 
DBRS 
AA1 
AA- 
AA  
The issuance of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
(including any unrated Covered Bonds) shall be subject to 
prior notice to the Rating Agencies. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and the related Programme Documents

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
will be governed by Italian law, except for the Swap 
Agreements which will be governed by English law. 
 
SEGREGATION EVENTS, ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND GUARANTOR EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Segregation Events 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the 
relevant Test Calculation Agent that: 
(a) 
a breach of one of the Mandatory Tests on the 
relevant Quarterly Test Calculation Date; and/or 
(b) 
prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice, a breach of the Asset Coverage Test on the 
relevant Test Calculation Date, 
has not been remedied within the applicable Test Grace
Period. 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Segregation 
Event, 
the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve notice (the 
"Breach of Tests Notice") on the Issuer and the Guarantor
that a Segregation Event has occurred. 
In such case: 
(i) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may 
be issued by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
there 
shall 
be 
no 
further 
payments 
to 
the 
Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term Loan, 
other than where necessary for the purpose of 
complying with the limits set forth under article 129, 
paragraph 1a, of the CRR as better specified in the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement (and to the 
extent that no purchase of Eligible Assets is possible 
to this effect in accordance with the provisions of 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement and/or in 
compliance with the limits set out in the Bank of 
Italy Regulations); 
(iii) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets to be 
acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid using the 
proceeds of a Term Loan or, to the extent necessary 
to comply with the limits set forth under article 129, 
paragraph 1a, of the CRR as better specified in the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Guarantor 
Available Funds; and 
(iv) 
payments due under the Covered Bonds will 
continue to be made by the Issuer until a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice has been delivered. 
If any of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test 
is/are met within the Test Remedy Period, the Representative

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
of the Bondholders will promptly deliver to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Asset Monitor a notice informing such 
parties that the Breach of Tests Notice then outstanding has 
been revoked (the "Breach of Tests Cure Notice"). 
For 
further 
details, 
see 
section 
"Description 
of 
the 
Programme 
Documents 
- 
Cover 
Pool 
Management 
Agreement". 
Issuer Event of Default 
An Issuer Event of Default will occur if: 
(a) 
Non-payment (also as a result of claw-back): the 
Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or 
principal due and payable on any Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds and such breach is not remedied 
within 15 calendar days, in case of amounts of 
interest, or 7 calendar days (other than in case of 
non-payment as at the Maturity Date), in case of 
amounts of principal, as the case may be; 
(b) 
Breach of obligation (other than non-payment): a 
material breach by the Issuer of any obligation 
under the Programme Documents occurs and such 
breach is not remedied within 30 calendar days 
after the Representative of the Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of 
the Issuer; 
(d) 
Article 74 Event: a resolution pursuant to Article 74 
of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect 
of the Issuer; 
(e) 
Cessation of business: a Cessation of Business 
occurs in respect of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
Breach of Mandatory Tests and/or Asset Coverage 
Test: following the delivery of a Breach of Tests 
Notice, any of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset 
Coverage Test is/are not met on, or prior to, the 
Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test 
Remedy 
Period 
unless 
a 
resolution 
of 
the 
Bondholders is passed resolving to extend the Test 
Remedy Period. 
If any of the events set out in points (a), (c), (d) or (f) above 
occurs and is continuing, then the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall serve to the Issuer and the Guarantor a 
notice to demand payments under the Guarantee (a 
"Guarantee Enforcement Notice"), specifying in case of the 
Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (d) above, 
that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary and the 
relevant Guarantee Enforcement Notice may be revoked 
accordingly.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
Upon the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice: 
(i) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may 
be issued by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
there 
shall 
be 
no 
further 
payments 
to 
the 
Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term Loan; 
(iii) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets to be 
acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid using the 
proceeds of a Term Loan; 
(iv) 
Guarantee: (i) interest and principal falling due on 
the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor 
at the time and in the manner provided under the 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to and 
in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and 
the Guarantee Priority of Payments; then (ii) the 
Guarantor (or the Representative of the Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be 
entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to 
the Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received 
or recovered from the Issuer will be used to make 
payments in accordance with the Guarantee; 
(v) 
Pass Through Series: to the extent that the 
Guarantor does not have sufficient funds to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount on a Series of Covered 
Bonds (also taking into account amounts referred 
under letter (ii) of paragraph (d) above (if any)), such 
Series shall become a Pass Through Series in 
accordance with Condition 9(b); 
(vi) 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall use 
its best effort to sell the Eligible Assets included in 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement,  
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
determined by a resolution issued in respect of the Issuer 
pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act 
(referred to under item (iv) (Article 74 Event) above) (the 
"Article 74 Event"), the effects listed in items (a) (Application 
of the Segregation Event provisions), (b) (Guarantee) and (d) 
(Disposal of Eligible Assets) above will only apply for as long 
as the suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect (the 
"Suspension Period"). Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in 
accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the 
end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Covered Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in case of delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice further to a non- payment of 
interest on a Series of Covered Bonds the relevant Series 
becomes a Pass-Through Series on the relevant Maturity 
Date if and only to the extent that, on the Extension 
Determination Date, the Guarantor does not have sufficient 
funds to redeem the Final Redemption Amount of such 
Series and (ii) in case of delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice further to an Insolvency Event of the Issuer or further 
to an Article 74 Event, if the Guarantor does not have 
sufficient funds pay the Final Redemption Amount due on a 
Series of Covered Bond on the relevant Maturity Date, such 
Series becomes a Pass-Though Series on such Maturity Date. 
If any of the events set out in points (b) or (e) above occurs 
and 
is 
continuing, 
then 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Bondholders shall serve a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Principal Seller and any Additional Seller (if any), the 
Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer (if any), the 
Asset 
Monitor, 
the 
Rating 
Agencies, 
the 
Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Post-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent and the Rating Agencies (an 
"Issuer Default Notice"). 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice the provisions 
governing the Segregation Event from item (i) to (iv) shall 
apply. 
Please also see Condition 12.2 (Issuer Event of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
delivery of the relevant Guarantee Enforcement Notice (to the 
extent not revoked), a Guarantor Event of Default will occur 
if: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Guarantor fails to pay any 
interest and/or principal due and payable under the 
Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within 
the next following 7 Business Days; or 
(b) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of 
the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach of any 
obligation under the Programme Documents by the 
Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations 
referred to in item (i) (Non-payment) above) which 
is not remedied within 30 calendar days after the 
Representative of the Bondholders has given written 
notice thereof to the Guarantor. 
If any of the events set out in points from (a) to (c) above 
(each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is 
continuing then the Representative of the Bondholders shall

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
serve a Guarantor Default Notice to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Principal Seller and any Additional Seller (if 
any), the Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer (if 
any), the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Rating Agencies, 
unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or a resolution of 
the Bondholders is passed resolving otherwise.  
Upon the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds 
shall become immediately due and payable at their
Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, 
with any accrued interest and will rank pari passu
among themselves in accordance with the Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall
have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount 
equal to the Early Termination Amount, together 
with accrued interest and any other amount due
under the Covered Bonds (other than additional
amounts payable as gross up) in accordance with the
Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall 
immediately sell all Eligible Assets included in the
Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement; and  
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such steps and/or institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but 
it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorised by a 
resolution of the Bondholders. 
Please also see Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Event of Default). 
 
Breach of Tests  
If on any Test Calculation Date or Quarterly Test Calculation 
Date, as the case may be, a Test Performance Report 
specifies that the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the 
relevant Test, then the Principal Seller and/or any Additional 
Seller(s) in respect of each relevant New Portfolio transferred 
to the Guarantor will either (i) sell additional Eligible Assets 
to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the 
relevant Test to be met on the next following Test

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
Calculation Date as determined in the immediately following 
Test Performance Report, in accordance with the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of Term 
Loans to be granted by the Principal Seller and/or any 
Additional Seller(s), (ii) substitute any relevant assets in 
respect of which the right of repurchase can be exercised 
under the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement 
with new Eligible Assets, for an amount sufficient to allow 
the relevant Test to be met on the next following Test 
Calculation Date as determined in the immediately following 
Test Performance Report or (iii) take any other action 
deemed appropriate to allow the relevant Tests to be cured 
on the next Test Calculation Date (it being understood that, 
in case of breach of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the 
relevant asset(s) can be replaced only with Liquidity Assets 
until such breach is remedied). 
If, within the Test Grace Period the relevant breach of the
Mandatory Tests or the Asset Coverage Test is not remedied
in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders will 
deliver a Breach of Test Notice. 
If, after the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant 
breach of the Mandatory Tests or the Asset Coverage Test is
not remedied, within the Test Remedy Period, in accordance 
with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
the Representative of the Bondholders will deliver a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice. 
Breach of the Amortisation Test 
If, after the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (and, 
in case of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as result 
of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an Article 74 
Event Cure Notice), a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs: 
• 
Pass Through Series: any and all Series of Covered 
Bonds will become immediately Pass Through 
Series in accordance with Condition 9(b); and 
• 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall use 
its best effort to sell the Eligible Assets included in 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Eligible Assets Limits 
The aggregate amount of Eligible Assets which are in
compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter (b), 
of Law 130 (the “Liquidity Assets”) and other Eligible Assets 
other than the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool
may not be in excess of the thresholds set out under Article 
129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR. 
In this respect, on each Test Calculation Date, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall determine the amount of such

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
Liquidity Assets forming part of the Cover Pool and the result 
of such calculation will be set out in each Test Performance
Report to be prepared and delivered by the Test Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show 
that the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets other than 
Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool is in excess of the 
thresholds set out under Article 129, paragraph 1a., of the 
CRR, then the Seller may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to 
the Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to 
cure such excess or alternatively, the Seller may repurchase 
Liquidity Assets to comply with such limits. In the meantime, 
the Eligible Assets other than Mortgage Loans in excess of
the limits set out in Article 129, paragraph 1a., will not be 
computed for the purpose of the Tests. 
Any breach of the limits under article 129, paragraph 1a., of 
the CRR shall constitute neither an Issuer Event of Default
nor a Guarantor Event of Default.  
THE TESTS 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are 
subject to (a) the Mandatory Tests, (b) the Asset Coverage 
Test, (c) the Amortisation Test and (d) the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement.  
Accordingly, 
for 
so 
long 
as 
Covered 
Bonds 
remain 
outstanding, the Seller, each Additional Seller (if any) and the
Issuer must always ensure that the following tests are
satisfied on each Test Calculation Date: 
(i) the Nominal Value Test; 
(ii) the Net Present Value Test; 
(iii) the Interest Coverage Test, 
(the "Mandatory Tests"); 
(iv) the Liquidity Reserve Requirement;  
(v) the Asset Coverage Test; and 
(vi) the Amortisation Test. 
The Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test (or, 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Amortisation Test) are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool 
is sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds.  
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement is intended to ensure that 
the amount of Eligible Assets which are in compliance with

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, composing
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool, 
including the Required Reserve Amount (the “Liquidity 
Reserve”), is in an amount equal to or greater than the 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflows expected in the 
next following 180 days.  
For a detailed description of the Tests, see paragraph "Tests"
of section "Credit Structure" below. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE GUARANTEE 
Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds when Due for Payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor to make payments in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment are subject to 
the conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, 
and a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the 
Issuer and on the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate once a 
Guarantor Default Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and 
unsubordinated obligations collateralised by the Cover Pool 
and recourse against the Guarantor is limited to such assets. 
For further details, see "Description of the Programme 
Documents - Guarantee". 
Cover Pool 
The Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover Pool 
constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Mortgage Loans 
and the related collateral, assigned to the Guarantor by the 
Principal Seller and/or the Additional Seller(s) in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, (ii) 
any proceeds arising from the Eligible Swap Agreements, (iii) 
the Liquidity Assets and (iii) any other Eligible Assets held by 
the Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bonds and the 
proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, comprise the funds 
generated by the Portfolio, the other Eligible Assets 
including, without limitation, funds generated by the sale of 
assets from the Cover Pool and funds paid in the context of 
a liquidation of the Issuer. 
For further details, see "Description of the Cover Pool". 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in
general, to the Seller and/or any Additional Seller(s) and 
other creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the 
Guarantor. The Bondholders, the Seller and /or any 
Additional Seller(s) and such other creditors will have a claim 
against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor 
Available Funds subject to the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, in each case subject to, and as provided for in, the

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
Guarantee and the other Programme Documents. 
Term Loans 
Under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the 
Principal Seller and the Additional Seller(s), in their capacity, 
respectively, as Principal Subordinated Lender and Additional 
Subordinated Lender, will from time to time grant to the 
Guarantor Term Loans in the form of (i) a Programme Term 
Loan, or (ii) a Floating Interest Term Loan, or (iii) a Fixed 
Interest Term Loan. 
The Programme Term Loan will be granted for the purpose 
of, inter alia (i) funding the purchase price of the Eligible 
Assets included in the Initial Portfolio and in any New 
Portfolios to be transferred to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement, and/or (ii) remedying 
any breach of the Tests, and/or (iii) repayment of any other 
Floating Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan as 
necessary, and/or (iv) allowing the Guarantor to credit on the 
Reserve Account or to create a reserve sufficient to respect 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Each Floating Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan 
will be granted for the purpose of, inter alia (i) funding the
purchase price of the Eligible Assets included in any New 
Portfolios to be transferred to the Guarantor in connection 
with the issue of a Corresponding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme, and/or 
(ii) reimbursing (also in part) any Term Loan for an amount 
equal to the Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, and/or (iii) allowing the Guarantor to credit on the
Reserve Account or to create a reserve sufficient to respect 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Amounts owed to each Subordinated Lender by the 
Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan Agreements will be 
subordinated to amounts owed by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee. 
For further details, see "Description of the Programme 
Documents - Subordinated Loan Agreements". 
Excess Assets and support for further
issues 
Any Eligible Assets forming part of the Cover Pool which are 
in excess of the value of the Eligible Assets required to 
satisfy the Tests may be (i) purchased by the Seller in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Management Agreement and the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement or (ii) retained in the Cover Pool, also to be 
applied to support the issue of new Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds or ensure compliance with the Tests, 
provided that in each case any such disposal or retention 
shall occur in accordance with any relevant law, regulation or 
interpretation of any authority (including, for the avoidance 
of doubts, the Bank of Italy or the Minister of Economy and 
Finance) which may be enacted with respect to Law 130 and

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
the Bank of Italy Regulations and no disposal under item (i) 
above may occur if it would cause the Tests to be breached. 
For further details, see "Description of the Programme 
Documents - The Cover Pool Management Agreement". 
Segregation of Guarantor's rights and 
collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of title I-bis 
of Law 130, pursuant to which the Cover Pool is segregated 
by operation of law from the Guarantor's other assets.  
In accordance with article 7-octies of Law 130, prior to and 
following a winding up of the Guarantor and an Issuer Event 
of Default or Guarantor Event of Default causing the 
Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the Cover Pool paid to 
the Guarantor and amounts standing to the credit of the 
accounts opened in the name of the Guarantor will be 
exclusively available for the purpose of satisfying the 
obligations owed to the Bondholders, to the Swap Providers 
under the Swap Agreements and to any other creditors 
exclusively in satisfaction of the transaction costs of the 
Programme. 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to 
above, until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment 
obligations under the Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets transferred from the Seller(s) to the 
Guarantor from time to time or otherwise acquired by the 
Guarantor and the proceeds thereof, any proceeds arising
from the Swap Agreements and any funds generated by the 
sale of assets included in the Cover Pool form the collateral 
supporting the Guarantee in respect of all Series or Tranches
of Covered Bonds. 
Claim under Covered Bonds 
The Representative of the Bondholders, for and on behalf of 
the Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor and
make a demand under the Guarantee in case of an Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default. 
Disposal of the Eligible Assets included 
in the Cover Pool following the delivery 
of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice 
After the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Guarantor (or the Principal Servicer on behalf of the 
Guarantor) shall use its best effort to sell the Eligible Assets 
in the Cover Pool (any such Eligible Assets, the "Selected 
Assets") in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
The Guarantor shall use its best efforts to sell the Selected
Assets within at least (provided that the Guarantor may also 
commence before), the date falling (i) 30 calendar days after 
the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice following a 
non-payment referred under Condition 11.2(a) or (ii) in any 
other case of Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered other 
than for a non payment on a Series of Covered Bonds, six
months prior to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
Covered Bonds (to the extent that no breach of the 
Amortisation Test occurred, in which case the timing set out 
under Clause 8.2 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement)
(the "First GEN Sale Date").  
The Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Selected
Assets, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, in an amount as close as possible
to the amount necessary (i) to redeem in full (a) the Pass 
Through Series and/or (only on the GEN Sale Date (as
defined in the Cover Pool Management Agreement)) the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and (ii) to pay any interest 
amount due in respect of the Covered Bonds, net of any
amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts, 
provided that, (i) prior to and following the sale of such
Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with and
(ii) the Guarantor and the Portfolio Manager shall use their 
best effort to sell the Selected Assets, at the first attempt, at 
a price that ensures that the ratio between the aggregate
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool and the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds 
remains unaltered or is improved following the sale of the 
relevant Selected Assets and repayment of the Pass Through
Series and/or Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (as the case
may be).  
Any such sale shall be subject to the right of pre-emption in 
favour of the Issuer (other than in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the Issuer), as Principal Seller, or any 
Additional Seller(s) in respect of such Selected Assets. 
The proceeds from any such sale will be credited (net of the 
cost connected to the sale of such Selected Assets) to the 
Main Programme Account and applied as set out in the
Guarantee Priority of Payments to (i) pay interest on the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds and (ii) redeem any relevant 
Pass Through Series. 
The Selected Assets to be sold will be selected from the 
Cover Pool on a random basis by the Principal Servicer on 
behalf of the Guarantor. 
Disposal of the Eligible Assets included 
in the Cover Pool following the delivery 
of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice and 
the breach of the Amortisation Test 
Following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice 
(and, in case of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as 
result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice), in case a Test Performance
Report specifies that a breach of the Amortisation Test 
occurred, the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell all 
Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool, on a semi-annual
basis starting from the date falling 30 calendar days after the 
date of the relevant Test Performance Report. 
The Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Eligible 
Assets in an amount as close as possible to the amount

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
necessary (i) to redeem in full the Pass Through Series and
(ii) to pay any interest amount due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds net of any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Programme Accounts. 
Disposal of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool following 
the delivery of a Guarantor Default 
Notice 
After the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor shall immediately sell all Eligible Assets included 
in the Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures 
described in the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
subject to the right of preemption in favour of the Issuer 
(other than in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of 
the Issuer), as Principal Seller, or the Additional Seller 
provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio 
Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that 
such sale is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable 
taking into account the market conditions at that time. 
For further details, see Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Event of 
Default). 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non 
syndicated basis, subject to the restrictions set forth in the
Programme Agreement. 
Purchase of Covered Bonds by the 
Issuer 
The Issuer or any such subsidiary may at any time purchase
any Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. 
Certain restrictions 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued will be
denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply and will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time. 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom 
and Japan. Other restrictions may apply in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
For further details, see section "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that BMPS may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors 
which individually or together could result in BMPS becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil 
their obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to 
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the 
Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which they may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following sections describe the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered 
Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including the considerations set out below, before making any investment 
decision.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
COVERED BONDS  
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks factors relating to the Issuer and the Group; 
2. 
Risk factors related to the operating activity and the industry in which the Issuer and the Group 
operate;  
3. 
Risk factors related to environmental, social and governance factors; and 
4. 
Risk factors related to the legal and regulatory framework of the sector of business in which the 
Issuer and the Group operate. 
1. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group  
1.1. 
Risks related to the failure to implement the Business Plan 2022-2026  
On 22 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BMPS approved the Business Plan 2022-2026 headed “A 
clear and simple commercial bank” (the “Business Plan 2022-2026”). For information with respect to the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 and its implementation status, please make reference to paragraph “2022-
2026 Group Business Plan” under the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer 
as at 30 June 2023 incorporated by reference under this Base Prospectus. 
Taking account of the successful completion of the Euro 2.5 billion capital increase transaction on 4 
November 2022 (the “Capital Increase”) as well as the progress of actions contained in the Business Plan 
2022-2026, there is a reasonable expectation that the Bank will continue to operate as a going concern 
in the foreseeable future that the significant doubts about the going concern that had been declared in 
the reports before the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022 have been overcome, 
marking a positive turning point in the management of the Bank. 
Failure to implement the assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026, in the absence of timely 
corrective actions not yet timely identified as of the date of the Base Prospectus, would jeopardize the 
prospect of a going concern of the Issuer and the Group.  
On 27 December 2022 BMPS announced that it has received the final decision of the European Central 
Bank (“ECB”) regarding the capital requirements to be respected starting from 1 January 2023 (the 
“2022 SREP Decision”). Following the successful outcome of the Capital Increase for Euro 2.5 billion, the 
ECB also removed the ban on the distribution of dividends, replacing it with the obligation for the Bank 
to obtain prior authorization from the authority of supervision. 
In the context of the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB highlighted attention points that could limit BMPS' 
ability to fully achieve the goals of the Business Plan 2022-2026 in the medium term with reference to: 
(i) the persistence of tensions on the BTP-Bund spread and market volatility with potential negative 
repercussions for the cost of funding; (ii) the expected dynamics of commissions which, although 
considered reasonable, depend on the success of planned commercial initiatives and are exposed to 
competitive pressure; (iii) the increase in interest rates and a less favourable gross domestic product 
("GDP") scenario that may adversely affect the repayment capacity of debtors; (iv) the trend of 
complaints and lawsuits that are not in the full control of BMPS, as well as the ability to prevent the 
emergence of further litigations. In the aforementioned document, the ECB also pointed out that

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
additional cost savings of Euro 40 million from 2024, due to branch closures, the Group's corporate 
reorganization, and IT investments in digitalization, could be offset by inflationary levels related to the 
new macroeconomic scenario that may be higher than expected and may not be limited to utilities, also 
reducing the savings from the same investments in digitalization. 
For more information on the 2022 SREP Decision please refer to sub-paragraph “2022 SREP Decision” of 
paragraph “SREP Decisions” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus. 
With the decision dated 25 November 2022, the Bank of Italy identified also for the year 2023, BMPS as 
an other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs) authorized to operate in Italy. Bank of Italy 
exercised its supervisory judgment in identifying BMPS as an O-SII, even if the overall score of BMPS was 
below the threshold established for automatic identification as an O-SII indicated in the EBA guidelines. 
As a result, BMPS will still have to maintain from 1 January 2023 a capital buffer of 0.25 per cent. of its 
total risk-weighted exposure. The O-SII capital buffer is coherent with the Business Plan 2022-2026 
projections.  
In the context of and as part of the restructuring plan 2017-2021 (the "Restructuring Plan"), the 
Republic of Italy made certain commitments to the European Commission. 
Following approval of the Business Plan 2022-2026, on 3 October 2022, the European Commission 
published a revision of the Commitments dated 2 August 2022. For information with respect to the 
details of such commitments please make reference to paragraph “Commitments connected to the 
2022-2026 Business Plan” under the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer 
as at 30 June 2023 incorporated by reference under this Base Prospectus. Commitments monitoring was 
started in early 2023 and, at the end of the first half of 2023, no critical issues were identified.  
  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group is exposed to the risk that in the event of non-
compliance with the Commitments, the European Commission would impose the adoption of 
compensatory measures that would tighten the breached commitments or other commitments already 
disclosed. In the event of a serious breach of the Commitments, the European Commission may, in 
addition, initiate infringement proceedings against the Bank, which could have a significant impact on 
the Bank's capital position. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026 does not consider business combination assumptions; the forecast data 
reported therein have been defined on the basis of assumptions regarding: (i) the effects of specific 
actions or concerning future events over which the Issuer can only partially exert influence and which 
may not occur, as well as (ii) certain aspects of the external scenario, subject to the risks and 
uncertainties that characterize the current and future macroeconomic and regulatory environment over 
which the Issuer cannot exert influence and whose occurrence would cause significant negative effects 
on the Group's economic and financial results with respect to the objectives indicated in the Plan. 
Therefore, it is highlighted that a part of the assumptions in the Business Plan 2022-2026 is beyond 
the control of the Issuer's directors. The Bank is exposed to the risk of failing to achieve part of the 
objectives set forth in the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
In the event that - over the Business Plan 2022-2026 period - the Group is unable to achieve the 
objectives set or to achieve them in accordance with the expected timeframes and measures, to meet 
its commitments, or in the event that it incurs net losses to an extent that would significantly erode the 
capital held for regulatory purposes, then the Issuer could suffer the negative effects, even significant, 
of the repercussions of any measures adopted by the European Commission against the Republic of

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
Italy; in each case, with possible impacts on the Issuer's and/or the Group's economic, capital and 
financial situation as well as on the going concern assumption.  
The Business Plan 2022-2026's macroeconomic assumptions, as of the date of the Prospectus, are 
facing a subdued economic cycle and higher interest rates’ scenario. Further significant deviations 
between the actual and assumed macroeconomic dynamics underlying the Business Plan 2022-2026 
could produce impacts on the Bank's economic, capital and financial position. Any significant deviations 
between the actual and assumed macroeconomic dynamics underlying the Business Plan 2022-2026 
would produce significant negative impacts on the Bank's economic, capital and financial position.  
Failure to implement the Business Plan 2022-2026 in accordance with the terms and measures set forth 
therein would entail the need to promptly take alternative actions in order not to jeopardize the 
continuation of the Issuer's and the Group's business activities. 
In addition, the delay in the timely achievement of the objectives of the Business Plan 2022-2026, in 
relation to business aspects, would make it necessary to modify or reshape the objectives. 
The occurrence of such events would have a material adverse effect on the Bank's and the Group's 
business and economic, capital and/or financial position as well as on the Issuer's and the Group's 
ability to continue as a going concern. 
1.2. 
Risks related to the Group's earnings performance  
During the three-year period 2020-2022, the Group's income performance was affected by significant 
variability in results, mainly due to the negative impact originated by non-operating and non-recurring 
items, such as higher provisions for risks and charges and higher restructuring charges, as well as the 
worsening evolution of the macroeconomic scenario. In particular, for the period ended on 31 
December 2022, the Group reported a loss of Euro 205 million, including restructuring costs of 
approximately Euro 930 million, mainly related to exits through redundancy or access to the solidarity 
fund (Euro 310 million profit for the same period of the previous year). The Group's income 
performance in the first half of 2023, instead, is significantly higher than in the first half of 2022, 
mainly due to the growth in net interest income (benefiting from the rise in commercial asset rates) and 
the reduction in operating expenses (mainly as a result of the voluntary redundancies mentioned 
above).  
For more information, please refer to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and to the 2023 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
In the 2022 SREP Decision, ECB continues to assess the business model as a high-risk element, but 
updated its considerations in light of the Business Plan 2022-2026. In particular, the ECB highlighted, 
within a balanced set of assumptions and with potential upside elements (related, for example, to a 
higher rate hike than had been assumed in the Business Plan 2022-2026), a number of risks, such as: 
a) 
the persistence of tensions on the BTP-Bund spread and market volatility, with potential negative 
effects on the cost of funding; 
b) 
the expected dynamics of commissions which, although considered reasonable, depends on the 
success of planned commercial initiatives and is exposed to competitive pressure; 
c) 
rising interest rates and a less favourable GDP scenario that may adversely affect borrowers' 
ability to repay;

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
d) 
the development of claims and lawsuits, which is not in the full control of BMPS, as well as the 
ability to prevent new emergencies related to litigation; and 
e) 
cost savings of Euro 40 million as of 2024 due to branch closures, the Group's corporate 
reorganization, and IT investments in digitalization could be offset by inflationary levels related 
to the new macroeconomic scenario, which may be higher than expected and may not be limited 
to utilities, also reducing the savings from the same investments in digitalization. 
Furthmore, the ECB comments that despite the staff reduction achieved through the activation of the 
“solidarity fund” for a number of full-time equivalent units (FTEs) well above of what was originally 
planned increases the extent by which administrative expenses will be reduced, it is yet to be confirmed 
that the reduction of staff will not negatively affect the productivity levels and/or the effectiveness of 
the internal control functions.  
Based on the above, ECB's conclusion is that BMPS's ability to generate robust and stable profitability 
will be achieved only if, after the execution of the Capital Increase, management is able to achieve all 
the objectives of the Business Plan 2022-2026 in due time, demonstrating, over a sufficiently extended 
period of time, that structural weaknesses have been definitively overcome. Actions envisaged in the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 are ongoing (please make reference to paragraph “2022-2026 Group 
Business Plan” under the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 
2023) and with respect to the monitoring of the commitments related to the Business Plan 2022-2026, 
started in early 2023, at the end of the first half of 2023 no critical issues were identified (please make 
reference to paragraph “Commitments connected to the 2022-2026 Business Plan” under the unaudited 
consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023). 
Lastly, it should be noted that the Business Plan 2022-2026 envisages a net profit of Euro 1,003 million 
in fiscal year 2024 and Euro 833 million in fiscal year 2026; the expected operating results over the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 horizon include a benefit, resulting from the recognition of new DTAs, 
amounting to Euro 1,273 million. 
If, also as a result of any further deterioration in the macroeconomic scenario, attributable, for example, 
to the escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Issuer is unable to achieve the targets 
set in the Business Plan 2022-2026, the Group may not be in a position to achieve the desired 
sustainable profitability as the ability to structurally generate a level of income, relative to equity, in line 
with banking system-wide expectations in the medium term. In this respect, as notified to the Issuer in 
the Letter of Intervention dated 14 January 2022, the ECB recommended to the Issuer that the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 ensure that the Group's key earnings indicators (including but not limited to ROE, ROA, 
and cost/income ratio) reach or exceed by the end of 2024 the average values for significant Italian 
banks on a consolidated basis, as published on the ECB's website1. In light of the above, as of the date 
of the Base Prospectus there is a risk that if the Group is unable to achieve the aforementioned 
sustainable profitability, there will be negative impacts on the Group's equity and capital requirements 
and, more generally, even significant negative effects on the Group's economic, capital and/or financial 
position, to the point where the Group's ability to continue as a going concern will cease to exist. 
1.3. 
Risks related to capital adequacy  
The assessment of capital adequacy from a regulatory perspective is based on the constant monitoring 
of current and prospective equity and risk-weighted assets ("Risk Weighted Assets" or "RWA"). The 
 
1 As stated in the Intervention Letter of 14 January 2022 sent by the ECB, "the ECB recommends that the Business Plan 2022-2026 ensures 
that the key profitability parameters (including but not limited to return on equity, return on assets, and cost-to-income ratio) of the BMPS 
Group reach or exceed, by the end of 2024, the average values of significant Italian institutions at the consolidated level published on the 
ECB's website."

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
optimization of the capital adequacy profile is pursued through the "Risk Appetite Statement" process, 
during which business and risk strategies are defined and subjected to adequacy review. 
The Issuer is subject to the capital adequacy requirements of the EU Directive 2013/36 of the European 
Parliament and European Council in relation to credit institutions' activities, credit institutions' 
prudential supervision and investment undertakings, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the "CRD 
IV") and CRR. Specifically, with the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB required the Bank to maintain, as of 1 
January 2023, on a consolidated basis, a TSCR level of 10.75%, which includes the minimum P1R 
requirement of 8% under Article 92 of the CRR and an additional P2R requirement of 2.75%, on an 
ongoing basis, to be held at least 56.25% in the form of CET1 and 75% in the form of Tier 1. 
In addition to the P1R and P2R requirements, the Group must also hold sufficient capital to meet a CBR 
of 2.76%2. Thus, the Group must meet, at the consolidated level, a CET1 Ratio of 8.81%, a Tier1 Ratio of 
10.83%, and a Total Capital Ratio of 13.51% (Overall Capital Requirement - OCR). Considering Pillar II 
Capital Guidance (“P2G”) as well, the Group has to comply, at the consolidated level, with a CET1 Ratio 
of 11.31%, a Tier1 Ratio of 13.33%, and a Total Capital Ratio of 16.01%. 
Therefore, there is the risk that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or 
parameters for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation 
approaches of the legislation governing prudential funds requirements unfavourable to the Issuer, with 
consequent inability of the Bank to comply with the requirements imposed and with a potential negative 
impact, even material, on the business and capital, economic and financial conditions of the Issuer and 
the Group. 
In the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB has also highlighted among the Bank's weaknesses/points of 
attention, inter alia, those relating to (i) the risk related to capital adequacy, in order to ensure 
compliance with capital requirements, in a prospective framework of fragile capital position in stress 
situations; and (ii) the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") process, highlighting the 
need for further improvements with reference to capital planning, scenario design and stress tests, 
which result in fragmented approaches, and the data and IT infrastructure to support such analyses.  
As of 30 June 2023, the Group has a CET 1 Ratio3 and a Tier 1 ratio4 of 15,86%, a Total Capital Ratio5 of 
19,38%.  
The Group, on a consolidated basis, meets all capital requirements, including those related to the P2G. 
Finally, it should be noted that, as of the same date, the Group has a leverage ratio6 of 6.2% above the 
minimum requirement of 3%.  
In the 12-month evolution of capital adequacy, there are no expected events that could significantly 
impair the Issuer’s capital position. 
It should also be noted that the SREP is carried out by the ECB at least annually. The 2022 SREP Decision 
(effective from 1 January 2023) prescribes some qualitative requirements on processes supporting 
capital adequacy. However, there is a risk that, starting with the SREP 2023 process (effective from 1 
January 2024), the supervisory authority will prescribe more stringent measures for the Issuer than 
those contained in the 2022 SREP Decision.  
 
2 CBR consists of Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%) + O-SII Buffer (0.25%) + Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.014% as of June 2023.  
3 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date. 
4 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date. 
5 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date. 
6 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
In 2023, the Group participated in the 2023 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European Banking 
Authority (EBA) in cooperation with the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Systemic Risk 
Board (ESRB). The results announced by the EBA on 28 July 2023, best ever in the Group’s stress test 
exercises, confirmed the strong solidity achieved by the Group and its capability to generate sustainable 
profitability, proven also by the positive net results in years 2024 and 2025 even in the adverse 
scenario, considering the HR cost savings. 
Any assessment of the level of capital adequacy is influenced by several variables, including the need to 
cope with the impacts resulting from the new and more demanding requirements at the regulatory level 
announced by the European regulator, the need to support functional plans for a more rapid reduction 
in the volume of impaired loans - even in addition to the disposal of the Bank's NPLs - and/or the 
assessment of market scenarios that are expected to be particularly challenging and will require the 
availability of adequate capital resources to support the Group's level of activity and investments. 
For further information in such regard, please refer to the “Capital adequacy” paragraph of the 2023 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and to the “Capital adequacy” paragraph of the 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
1.4. 
Risks related to non-compliance with MREL requirements 
Pursuant to Article 45 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as subsequently amended, institutions must meet at all 
times a MREL defined by the resolution authority for each institution, in order to ensure that a bank, in 
the event of the application of the bail-in procedure, has sufficient liabilities to absorb losses and to 
ensure compliance with the Primary Tier 1 Capital requirement for the authorization to conduct banking 
business, as well as to generate sufficient confidence in it in the market. 
With the letter of 10 March 2023, the Parent Company received from the Bank of Italy, in its capacity as 
Resolution Authority, the decision SRB/EES/2022/156 of the Single Resolution Committee on the 
calculation of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“2022 MREL Decision”).  
Starting from 1 January 2024, the Parent Company must meet on a consolidated basis an MREL of 
23.77% in terms of TREA, to which the Combined Buffer Requirement (CBR) applicable at that date will 
be added, and 6.29% in terms of LRE. In addition, there are subordinated MREL requirements, which 
must be met with own funds and subordinated instruments, equal to 16.38% for TREA, plus the CBR 
applicable on that date, and 6.29% for the LRE. For 2023, when the requirements are informative and 
non-binding, the Parent Company must comply with an intermediate target ensuring linear build-up of 
own funds and eligible liabilities towards the 1 January 2024 requirement.  
As at 30 June 2023, the Group had values higher than the intermediate requirements set for 2023: 
• 
an MREL capacity of 26.07% in terms of TREA and 10.23% in terms of LRE (“Leverage ratio 
exposure measure”); and  
• 
an MREL subordination capacity of 19.51% in terms of TREA and 7.65% in terms of LRE. 
It should be noted that the Group is exposed to the risk of incurring breaches of the MREL 
requirements, in the event of failure to meet the institutional issuance volume needed to comply with 
MREL targets, which could be challenged by any systemic tensions in the debt markets and/or 
idiosyncratic circumstances of the Group. In addition, it cannot be ruled out that in the future the Group 
will present a breach with respect to the MREL and/or CBR targets, due to, among other things, possible 
changes in bank resolution regulations and/or the criteria for determining MREL requirements by the 
resolution authorities such as raising the requirements or reducing the instruments eligible for MREL

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
purposes. Such circumstance could lead, in addition to the prohibition on dividend distributions and the 
prohibition to perform certain activities already imposed by the resolution authorities, to the adoption 
of specific measures against the Issuer by the same authorities and, should the Issuer and/or the Group 
be unable to comply with such measures or to fulfil the obligations imposed by the same authorities, 
with significant consequences for the Issuer's and/or the Group's economic, equity and financial 
situation. 
In this regard, it should be noted that in the event of a breach of MREL requirements, the Directive 
2014/59/EU for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions ("BRRD") grants the resolution 
authorities the ability to exercise the following powers: 
(i) 
the powers to address or remove impediments to the possibility of resolution through the 
adoption of specific measures (e.g., limitation of business line development; request to issue 
MREL-eligible liabilities; request to renegotiate eligible liabilities or AT1 and T2 instruments 
already issued; request to change the maturity of own funds instruments, subject to agreement 
with the ECB, and eligible liabilities); 
(ii) 
the powers under Article 16(a) of the BRRD on the limitation of certain distributions; 
(iii) 
the adoption of measures under Article 104 of CRD IV on additional Pillar II Capital Requirements; 
(iv) 
the adoption of early intervention measures in accordance with Article 27 of the BRRD, such as 
the implementation of the adopted reorganization plan or the preparation of a plan to negotiate 
debt restructuring with all or some creditors, the modification of the corporate form; as well as 
the removal of members of the administrative and supervisory bodies and senior management; 
and 
(v) 
the adoption of administrative sanctions and other administrative measures pursuant to Article 
144 of the Consolidated Finance Act. 
The exercise by competent authorities of the abovementioned powers may have potential effects on the 
Group's economic, capital and/or financial position. 
1.5. 
Risks related to deterioration in credit quality and the impacts of the worsening economic 
environment, particularly in Italy, on credit quality and banking in general  
Deterioration in credit quality and the impacts of a worsening economic environment can pose 
significant risks to banks and financial institutions. When borrowers face financial difficulties due to 
economic downturns (i.e. increase of commodities or energy prices), they may struggle to meet their 
loan obligations. This can lead to an increase in non-performing loans (NPLs) within banks' portfolios. A 
high level of NPLs can erode a bank's profitability and capital adequacy. In a deteriorating economic 
environment, the likelihood of defaults and credit losses increases and banks may need to set aside 
more provisions for expected credit losses, which can impact their earnings and capital reserves. A 
decline in credit quality and rising credit losses can deplete a bank's capital.  
The impact of economic conditions on the banking sector can be particularly pronounced in countries 
like Italy, whose economic environment is mainly made up of small and medium-sized enterprises that 
rely mainly on bank credit for investment. The economy may be heavily reliant on certain industries, 
such as tourism and manufacturing. Economic downturns in these sectors can have a cascading effect 
on credit quality and banking.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
To mitigate these risks, banks typically employ robust risk management practices, maintain diversified 
loan portfolios, and closely monitor economic indicators and borrower creditworthiness. Additionally, 
regulatory authorities often implement measures to enhance the resilience of the banking sector during 
challenging economic conditions. 
As part of the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB updated, as expected, the recommended level for the 
coverage of exposures classified as non-performing exposures as of 31 March 2018 (70% for the 
secured component and 80% for the unsecured component); these levels have already been factored 
into both the prospective calendar provisioning impact estimates in the Business Plan 2022-2026 and 
the non-performing exposure Strategy. The risk factor related to the lapsing of state support measures 
is not reiterated, but credit risk is still considered a key risk factor in the face of the delay in the 
implementation of the new early warning system of intercepting deterioration in creditworthiness, 
governance shortcomings of changes in the credit risk models used for the purpose of calculating 
capital requirements, and general uncertainties related to the impacts of the pandemic, the war in 
Ukraine, and evolving macroeconomic conditions. Finally, in the 2022 SREP Decision, ECB acknowledges 
that in light of accounting provisions and specific deductions from regulatory capital made after 31 
December 2021, the Group is aligned with its calendar provisioning hedges. 
The Bank is also exposed to the risk of deteriorating credit quality as a result of the domestic and 
international economic situation. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026 considers a scenario characterized by a slowdown in Italian GDP 
dynamics in 2022, after rebounding in 2021, with acceleration in 2023. Compared to Bank of Italy 
expectations, the scenario assumes lower growth estimates for 2022 and higher ones for 2023. Failure 
of the Business Plan 2022-2026 scenario, which prefigures an improvement in default flow starting in 
2023, could result in a less significant decrease in default rates than expected, with significant negative 
effects on the Group's credit quality. 
In particular, in accordance with the provisions of the Business Plan 2022-2026, the Bank expects an 
inflationary peak in 2022 with a settlement on the 2% threshold in the following years; the growth of 
inflation - despite not being considered as a critical variable in the Business Plan 2022-2026 for the 
purposes of a deterioration of the credit scenario - could generate a progressive deterioration in the 
quality of assets attributable to the corporate and private system. In particular, for individuals, a 
scenario of high inflation along with an inadequate realignment of wages would lead to a progressive 
erosion of disposable income with resulting potential strains on instalment-income ratios in the 
payment of mortgages and personal loans. Compared with the assumptions referring to the evolution 
of inflation in the macroeconomic scenario underlying the elaboration of the Business Plan 2022-2026, 
Bank of Italy's expectations of medium-term inflation are higher; however, a higher level of expected 
prices leads to negative impacts on the real value of disposable income and households' propensity to 
save, but also to increases, in nominal terms, in the value of investments and working capital financing 
needs by businesses and nominal growth in household spending. Such strains, should a high inflation 
scenario persist, could result in counterparty default with a consequent increase in the riskiness of the 
Bank's assets. 
To assess the effects of a worsening scenario, the Group estimated that a slowdown in the economic 
cycle, with rising interest rates and higher levels of inflation, could bring an increase in the cost of risk 
of about Euro 650 million over the three years, based on a cumulative negative change in GDP of about 
500 basis points. The estimate was based on the assumption of a negative effect of about Euro 130 
million for each point of GDP lost relative to Business Plan 2022-2026 assumptions. The isolated 
impact of this vulnerability on the Business Plan 2022-2026's pre-tax result would be about Euro 650 
million over the three years.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
A worsening of the domestic and international macroeconomic scenario could alter the ability of the 
Group's contractual counterparties to meet their payment obligations to the Group, thereby increasing 
the risk related to the Group's credit exposure, with significant adverse effects on the Group's operating 
results and economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026's macroeconomic assumptions regarding the dynamics of GDP, inflation 
and the BTP-Bund spread are more favourable than current market assumptions. Any significant 
deviations between the actual macroeconomic dynamics and the macroeconomic dynamics assumed as 
the basis for the Business Plan 2022-2026 could result in significant adverse effects on the Group's 
operating results and economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The Issuer believes, however, that the observed changes in the macroeconomic scenario, even taking 
into account the IMF forecast updated in October 2022 about the trend of Italian GDP7, would not 
produce negative impacts that could affect the validity of the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to set borrower based 
measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) and there is 
uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet 
clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on the Issuer’s operations. 
1.6. 
Liquidity risk for the 12-month period and risks related to the Issuer's indebtedness and 
system liquidity support measures 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that in a time horizon beyond 12 months from 
2023, unexpected events of a macroeconomic nature, events that cause damage to the Bank's 
reputation, new prudential or regulatory requirements related to regulatory developments, which would 
have even significant adverse effects on the liquidity profile and the economic and financial situation of 
the Bank and the Group, will occur. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Group's liquidity position could be exposed, in a time horizon 
beyond 12 months from 2023, to a series of both exogenous and internal events that could generate a 
decrease in its customers' deposits, difficulties or inability to access markets, to receive funds from 
counterparties outside the Group, or result in the impairment of certain assets and/or the inability to 
finance or liquidate them. Among these, the possible systemic economic/financial crisis (e.g., in case of 
escalation of the conflict initiated by Russia), the worsening of the Issuer's reputational profile, and 
possible tensions in the debt market (making the Group's issuance programme more difficult to 
implement) is of particular relevance. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has reserves that 
are deemed sufficient for the twelve months following that date even in the face of the occurrence of 
severe adverse events. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that, further to the 12-months period from 2023, 
severe strains may occur in the procurement of liquidity in the market, which could adversely affect the 
achievement of the Group's objectives, especially in view of the international geopolitical and pandemic 
environment, resulting in even more significant adverse effects on the Bank's and the Group’s 
economic, financial and capital position. Failure to comply with the minimum requirements under the 
regulations applicable to the Issuer for liquidity indicators could result in the adoption of specific 
measures against the Issuer by the authorities and, if the Issuer and/or the Group were unable to 
comply with such measures or to fulfil the obligations imposed by the same authorities, this could lead 
to even significant adverse effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s economic, financial and asset 
situation. 
 
7 International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook, October 2022

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
In particular, within the scope of liquidity risk, two types of risk can be identified, such as: 
• 
market liquidity risk: related to the possibility that the Bank, in case of need, may not be able to 
liquidate an asset on the balance sheet without incurring capital losses or a significantly longer 
time to realization due to low liquidity or inefficiencies in the reference market; and 
• 
funding liquidity risk: represents the possibility that the Bank may not be able to meet expected 
and unexpected payment commitments on a cost-effective basis and without impairing its core 
business or financial position. 
With respect to risks related to the Issuer’s indebtedness and interventions to support system liquidity, 
significant reduction or withdrawal of system liquidity support by governments and central authorities 
or reduction of liquidity obtainable through access to the Eurosystem could generate difficulties and/or 
higher costs in accessing market sources of liquidity, with potential even significant adverse effects on 
the Bank’s and/or the Group’s activities and economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The ECB, within the SREP Decision 2022, gave its opinion on the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Process (“ILAAP”) implemented by the Group, concluding that no additional liquidity requirements are 
deemed necessary, because of the implemention of robust strategies, policies, processes and systems 
for the identification, measurement, management and monitoring of liquidity risk over an appropriate 
set of time horizons, the sufficient coverage of liquidity risk and the compliance with all requirements 
of Directive 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. The only area of improvement highlighted 
concerns risk data and IT infrastructure.  
As of 30 June 2023, the Issuer’s total indebtedness to the ECB was Euro 15.250 billion, which was 
attributable to (i) targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTRO III”) operations for Euro 8.5 
billion, of which Euro 3.0 billion called on 30 September 2020 with maturity on 27 September 2023, (ii) 
Euro 2.5 billion called on 24 March 2021 with maturity on 27 March 2024, (iii) Euro 3.0 billion called on 
24 June 2021, with maturity on 26 June 2024 and (iv) and Euro 6.750 billion of Main Refininacing 
Operations (“MRO”). 
For further information in such regard, please refer to the “Funding strategy” paragraph of the 2023 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and to the “Funding strategy and MREL capacity” paragraph of the 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
If the collateral provided by the Bank to the ECB against the refinancing activity carried out by the ECB 
proves to be inadequate with respect to the amount of the refinancing operations, the ECB may request, 
subject to the Bank of Italy’s notification to the Group, the early collectability of the refinancing 
operations carried out. 
The occurrence of the aforementioned event would oblige the Group to immediately reduce the amount 
of refinancing transactions with the ECB by the same amount or to provide additional eligible assets 
and/or cash as collateral. Other causes of early collectability include corporate reorganisations and 
non-compliance with reporting requirements. The occurrence of such an event could result in the 
consequent risk of encountering difficulties in accessing sources of market liquidity or of having to 
incur greater, unbudgeted, charges for this purpose, with consequent, even significant negative effects 
on the Bank’s and/or the Group’s business and economic, equity and/or financial situation. As 
mentioned at the beginning of the paragraph, the maturity ladder is not affected by the ECB funding 
already carried out but by the level of eligible assets available for the purpose of refinancing operations 
with the ECB.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
As a result of the monetary policy decisions taken by the Governing Council on 27 October 2022 in 
which the terms and conditions of the third round of TLTRO III were changed, neutralizing part of the 
economic benefits of maintaining TLTROs to the final maturity, the Group partially early repay TLTROIIIs 
in the December 2022 early redemption date (for the amount of Euro 6 billion, reducing the TLTRO III 
maturing on 28 June 2023 from Euro 17 billion to Euro 11 billion) in addition to the 4 billion maturying 
in December 2022 (for a total reimbursement of 10 billion). The 11 billion tranche was then regularly 
reimbursed at natural maturity (28 June 2023). The early repayment did not substantially modify the 
liquidity and risk profile of the Bank, with respect to maintaining the initial amount until the original 
maturity (which was only 6 months later).  
The possible failure to achieve the objectives of diversification of funding sources envisaged in the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 could be determined by external or BMPS’ specific events. 
Among the main external elements of uncertainty are, in particular, stress situations in the bank 
funding market or the institutional funding market, resulting from financial or macroeconomic shocks. 
Approximately Euro 6 billion of issuances of MREL eligible securities are envisaged during the period of 
the Business Plan 2022-2026 (in relation to subordinated loans, it should be noted that they are neutral 
for liquidity risk purposes since, in the event of a failure to issue, the call on existing subordinated 
loans would not be exercised and they would be brought to natural maturity). With reference to a time 
horizon beyond 12 months starting from 2022, failure to issue would make it appropriate to take 
compensatory actions, in order to achieve targets on key regulatory liquidity indicators (LCR/NSFR), 
such as increasing funding from deposits or from funding transactions such as repurchase agreements 
on paper other than high-quality liquid assets, such as to have a positive impact on the Bank’s liquidity 
position. It should be noted that failure to implement such compensatory actions, in the absence of 
institutional issuances eligible for MREL purposes, would not allow the achievement of the Business Plan 
2022-2026 targets on LCR/NSFR indicators, which would have a significant negative impact on the 
Group’s economic, capital and/or financial position. 
1.7. 
Risks associated with assignments of impaired loans  
In the Business Plan 2022-2026, non-performing exposure disposals for a total of Euro 2 billion are 
envisaged; as of the date of the Base Prospectus, contracts have already been signed for the disposal of 
non-performing exposures for a total gross book value of Euro 1.1 billion, and the legal effectiveness 
of the relevant transfer has already occurred for an amount of Euro 0.9 billion. In general, the 
conclusion of transfer transactions could lead to the charge to the income statement of higher loan 
impairments in a significant amount attributable to any differences between the value at which the 
transferred loans are recorded in the Bank’s balance sheet and the consideration that market operators 
specialized in the management of impaired loans are willing to offer to purchase them. Given the same 
expectations of recovery of cash flows obtainable from the debtor and/or liquidation procedures, the 
difference between the book value and the sale consideration is in fact influenced by the high rates of 
return that investors intend to achieve, as well as by the management costs (costs of personnel and 
organizational structures dedicated to recovery activities) that potential buyers must cover, factors that, 
consistently with market practice, are discounted in determining the purchase price of the receivables 
themselves. 
With exclusive reference to the sales of impaired receivables already completed as of the date of the 
Base Prospectus, the Group is also exposed to risks attributable to (a) any potential indemnity 
obligations to which it would be subject if the representations and warranties issued in relation to each 
portfolio of receivables sold turned out to be untrue or incorrect; (b) the risk that the claims already 
notified to it would be deemed well-founded or, in any case, founded to a greater extent than 
estimated by the same.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
In this regard, it should be noted in particular that as of the date of the Base Prospectus: (i) in relation 
to certain sale transactions, all claims notified to the Bank have not yet been analyzed; (ii) the terms for 
the notification of claims arising from the incorrectness of the representations and warranties of the 
Issuer have not yet expired; (iii) there is uncertainty as to the occurrence of a future and uncertain event 
that could expose the Bank to indemnifications8; and (iv) there is no certainty as to the fate of the 
claims assessed as unfounded by the Issuer (both in the event that such assessment has been rejected 
by the counterparties and in the event that the counterparties have not expressed an opinion in this 
regard). 
It should be noted that as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group has received notifications of 
disputes amounting to Euro 825 million, of which approximately Euro 822 million related to: 
- 
the securitization transaction "Valentine/Crystal" carried out by the Group in December 2017 in 
favour of Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l., in the context of which more than 9,800 claims have been 
received as of 30 June 2023 – i.e. the expiration date of the representations and warranties and 
the deadline for the notification of claims for breach of the same - for a petitum of 
approximately Euro 640 million. As of 30 June 2023, the Group has analyzed 46% of the total 
number of claims notified, equal to 93% of the total petitum, considering as founded only a 
limited percentage of the claims analyzed. With regard to the claims considered unfounded, while 
on one hand, the Issuer has promptly communicated the reasons for which it considers them to 
be so, on the other hand, Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. in its replies has reiterated, for the majority of 
such claims, the original arguments;  
- 
the Demerger Transaction finalized in fiscal year 2020 concerning Euro 7.2 billion of impaired 
loans and whose deadline for sending claims expired on 1 December 2022;  
In the context of this operation as of 1 December 2022, 222 claims have been notified for a 
petitum of approximately Euro 105 million, of which the Bank has analysed a number equal to 
100% of the petitum. Negotiating tables necessary for the amicable settlement of those 
considered unfounded by BMPS are ongoing; 
- 
the securitisation "Fantino" (as better described below), in the context of which_ 
a) 
on 19 October 2022, illimity Bank S.p.A. sent to the Issuer an indemnification notice for an 
indemnity amount of approximately Euro 5 million;  
b) 
on 13 June 2023, Amco S.p.A. sent to the Issuer an indemnification notice for an indemnity 
amount of approximately Euro 0.9 million.  
Finally, it should be noted that the provisions set aside by the Group for the overall disposal 
transactions are also determined through the use of statistical techniques to take into account the 
overall expected risk. It cannot be ruled out that the provisions set aside by the Group will prove to be 
insufficient, or with possible negative effects on the Bank's and/or Group's economic, equity and/or 
financial situation. 
In addition, on 4 August 2022, the Group entered into three receivables transfer agreements in relation 
to a portfolio of impaired loans, called "Fantino", for a total gross book value of Euro 0.9 billion. The 
 
8 In particular, in relation to the assignment in favour of Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. (Pjt. “Valentine/Crystal”), the Bank is exposed to the risk of 
receiving further claims since: (i) in relation to certain receivables in respect of which are pending passive judicial proceedings (listed in a 
specific annex of the relevant receivables transfer agreement), Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. has the right to notify a claim until the conclusion of the 
afore-mentioned judicial proceedings; and (ii) Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. has notified, before 31 July 2021 (i.e. the deadline for the notification of 
claims), certain claims having a “preventive” nature (so called “pre-claims”), which could give right to indemnification, also beyond the afore 
mentioned date, upon the occurrence of the future and uncertain event deducted in the relevant pre-claim

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
legal transfer and consequent derecognition by the Group of the portfolio has already taken place. The 
representations and warranties set out in the receivables transfer agreements entered into with the 
counterparties to the transaction (i.e., illimity Bank S.p.A., Intrum Holding S.r.l. and AMCO - Asset 
Management Company S.p.A.) expose the Group to the following disbursement risks: 
- 
illimity Bank S.p.A.: maximum outlay amounting to Euro 13.9 million; 
- 
Intrum Holding S.r.l. (through the securitisation vehicle Alicudi SPV S.r.l.): maximum outlay 
amounting to Euro 3.1 million; 
- 
AMCO: maximum outlay amounting to Euro 7.2 million. 
In particular, the representations and warranties given by the banks of the Group have a duration of: (i) 
with regard to the portfolio transferred to illimity Bank S.p.A., 15 months from the transfer of the 
relevant receivables (i.e. 6 November 2022 or 4 December 2022) (with the exception of some limited 
hypotheses in which the term, regardless of the transfer date of the relevant receivable, starts from 4 
December 2022); (ii) with regard to the portfolio transferred to Intrum, 12 months from the date of the 
certified e-mail by which the Issuer confirms that it has made available the documentation in electronic 
format (i.e. 22 October 2022); and (iii) with regard to the portfolio transferred to AMCO, 18 months 
from the transfer of the receivables (i.e. 20 November 2022). As a consequence, the assignees will have 
the right to notify claims until the above-mentioned deadlines.  
In addition, on 3 August 2023, the Group entered into two receivables transfer agreements in relation 
to a portfolio of NPL, called "Mugello", for a total gross book value of Euro 0.2 billion. The legal transfer 
and consequent derecognition by the Group of the portfolio will take place in the last quarter of 2023. 
In this regard, it should be noted that as of the date of the Base Prospectus further disputes to the 
detriment of the Group could emerge from the aforementioned transactions resulting in possible effects 
on the Bank's and/or Group's economic, equity and/or financial situation.  
1.8. 
Risks related to impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments 
In line with IAS 36, goodwill is subject to impairment testing at least once a year and in any case when 
there are signs of deterioration. The activity of testing goodwill for impairment is based on a 
preliminary allocation of the value of goodwill to the various cash generating units ("CGUs") to which it 
is attributable; the definition of the scope of the CGUs is carried out in a manner consistent with the 
segment reporting given in the financial statements, which in turn reflects management reporting. 
In light of the circumstance that the Group's most significant equity investments (see below) pertain to 
the insurance business, which is particularly exposed to market variables (e.g. interest rates), the 
profiles of uncertainty that characterize the national and global macroeconomic framework, also due to 
the impacts and developments on public health and the economy resulting from the Russian war in 
Ukraine, could have significant negative effects on the estimated cash flows assumed, as well as on the 
main financial assumptions considered, and could consequently result in the need to provide for 
impairment losses of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments, including significant ones. 
For equity investments, the process of recognizing any impairment initially involves checking for 
impairment indicators and, in the event of violation of these indicators, the determination of any 
impairment is determined to the extent that the recoverable value is lower than the carrying value. The 
parameters and projections on which the estimates are based evolve with the updating of plans of 
associated equity investments, which are significantly influenced by the macroeconomic environment 
and financial market dynamics.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
As of 30 June 2023, monitoring of the main impairment indicators showed indications of potential 
impairment of the investments held in AXA-MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA-MPS Assicurazioni 
Danni. The recoverable value of the investee assets was then calculated using the Appraisal Value 
method for AXA-MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and the Dividend Discount Model (DDM) method for 
AXA-MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. In both cases, the recoverable value was found to be higher than 
the corresponding book value, and the carrying value of the investments was therefore confirmed. The 
valuation carried out by the Group as at 30 June 2023 highlighted the need to make value adjustments 
for the associate Fidi Toscana (Euro 1.5 million). 
With regard to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the results of the valuations did not result in the need to make value adjustments to the 
equity investments recorded in the financial statements.  
In light of the foregoing, although the impairment tests carried out by the Issuer did not reveal the need 
to proceed with the recognition of value adjustments for goodwill, intangible assets with a finite useful 
life and, except as described above, equity investments recorded in the financial statements, it cannot, 
however, be ruled out that in the future it may be appropriate to proceed with the recognition of value 
adjustments and make write-downs of the aforementioned balance sheet items, even if significant. 
For more information on the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments please 
refer to the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
1.9. 
Risk of exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign states  
The Group is exposed to the risk of exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign states and has 
exposure to bonds issued by central and local governments and government entities of the Republic of 
Italy. As of 30 June 2023, the Group's exposure in securities to the Italian government represented 10% 
of the Group’s total assets, up from 9% as of 31 December 2022, 9% as of 31 December 2021, and up 
slightly from 7% as of 31 December 2020. Overall, securities issued by governments, central banks, and 
other public entities account for 11%, approximately, of total financial assets (Group's securities assets 
and net position in derivatives), a percentage that is essentially stable compared to the end of 2022 
(11%), up from the end of 2021 (10%), and up slightly from the end of 2020 (9%). 
Tensions in the sovereign bond market and the volatility of government bonds, significant increases in 
inflation, and increases in interest rates by the ECB may therefore have negative effects on the Group’s 
business, economic, capital and/or financial position, operating results, and prospects. In particular, 
rising rates may have a negative effect on the Group’s positions measured at fair value by virtue of the 
short exposure, in terms of sensitivity, to a +1 basis point change in interest rates (Euro -0.2 million on 
Trading Book - FVTPL, Euro -0.5 million on Banking Book - FVOCI, as of 30 June 2023). 
Similarly, any deterioration in the yield differential of Italian government bonds compared to other 
European benchmark government bonds and/or any joint actions by the major rating agencies, such as 
to result in a credit rating of the Italian government below investment grade, could result in negative 
impacts on the Group’s liquidity position and negative impacts on the value of the portfolio, as well as 
on capital ratios.  
For more information on the Issuer’s risks related to the exposure to debt securities issued by 
sovereign states, please refer to the “Exposure to sovereign debt risk” paragraph of the 2023 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
1.10. 
Risks related to the application of Burden Sharing to FRESH 2008 Securities

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
The Bank is exposed to the risk that the unfavourable outcome of the litigation with the holders of the 
floating rate equity-linked subordinated hybrid preferred securities (“FRESH 2008 Securities”) structure 
and the consequent failure to convert the FRESH 2008 Securities into ordinary shares of the Issuer - as 
a result of the Ministerial Decree of 27 July 2017 (“Burden Sharing”) and/or the failure to apply to them 
Article 22, paragraph 4 of Decree 237 - pursuant to which contractual or other clauses entered into by 
the Issuer concerning its own shares or capital instruments and relating to the equity rights pertaining 
to the FRESH 2008 Securities, which prevent or limit their full eligibility for inclusion in Primary Tier 1 
Capital, are ineffective - may have a negative impact in terms of the profitability of the investment in 
BMPS shares.  
Certain holders of FRESH 2008 Securities maturing in 2099, by a document served on 19 December 
2017, sued BMPS before the Luxembourg Court - together with certain additional companies that 
entered into a swap agreement with the Issuer having the FRESH 2008 Securities as underlying - to seek 
a declaration that the Decree 237 is inapplicable to the holders of FRESH 2008 Securities and, 
consequently, to obtain a ruling that: (a) said bonds cannot be forcibly converted into shares; (b) said 
bonds continue to remain valid and effective in accordance with the terms and conditions of their 
issuance, as governed by Luxembourg law; and (c) BMPS is not entitled, in the absence of the 
conversion of the FRESH 2008 Securities, to obtain from JP Morgan the payment of Euro 49.9 million 
arising from the execution of the usufruct agreement signed by it in the context of the issuance of the 
Bank’s shares against the forced conversion of the FRESH 2008 Securities.  
In the event of an unfavourable outcome of the aforesaid litigation, the FRESH 2008 Securities will not 
be converted into BMPS shares and, consequently (i) the Bank will not collect the amount of Euro 49.9 
million resulting from the issuance of the same; (ii) there would also be the non-application, to the 
issuance of the FRESH 2008 Securities, of the Burden Sharing principle and, consequently, the 
bondholders could request to receive the coupon (equal to Euribor 3M+425 basis points on a notional 
amount of Euro 1 billion) if the Bank is in a position to distribute dividends or, as a result of the sale of 
the stake held by the MEF, a merger with another company occurs. In this regard, it should be noted 
that the Bank has not paid dividends since the date of the Burden Sharing and, therefore, any 
unfavourable outcome of the litigation will only produce prospective effects and only in case of dividend 
distribution.  
The Luxembourg Court, by order of January 2022, rejected the Bank's request to suspend proceedings 
until the international courts had ruled on the Bank's objections to the Court's jurisdiction. 
However, it admitted that the Court did not have jurisdiction over the trust agreement signed by the 
Bank with some of the other defendants JP Morgan Securities PLC and JP Morgan Chase in the context of 
the 2008 rights offering. With regard to this contract, the Luxembourg Court suspended the decision 
pending the decision of the Italian court. At the same time, it ruled that it had jurisdiction over the swap 
agreement signed by the Bank with the same counterparties in the context of the 2008 rights offering. 
In November 2022 the bondholders’ representative appealed against the judgment of suspension 
rendered by the Luxembourg Court asking to declare that the same District Court of Luxembourg has 
jurisdiction to hear all the claims formulated by the bondholders’ representative and that there is no 
need to stay the proceedings, awaiting decisions of the Italian court. The Bank - in parallel - on the 
basis of the ruling issued by the Luxembourg Court, filed a petition with the Italian Court asking it to 
rule on the grounds for the termination of the usufruct contract. The Court of Milan scheduled for the 
continuation of the case a hearing on 12 December 2023 and ordered the notification of appeal and 
subsequent decree for setting the hearing by 30 September 2023.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
For further information in this respect, please refer to sub-paragraph “Legal dispute Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A. / the holders of FRESH 2008” of the paragraph “Civil Proceedings” in the “Banca 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus. 
1.11. 
Risks related to the distribution of dividends 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, as provided by 2022 SREP Decision, following the successful 
outcome of the Capital Increase for 2.5 billion Euro, the ECB removed the ban on the distribution of 
dividends, replacing it with the obligation for the Bank to obtain prior authorization from the authority 
of supervision. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Bank is therefore exposed to the risk that, 
even if it achieves the required capital requirements, the supervisory authority will decide not to give 
the aformentioned authorization or that it will still fail to make distributable profits. 
The Issuer was also subject to the limits on the possibility of distributing dividends provided for in 
Article 16(a) of Directive 2019/879/EU (“BRRD II”), transposed in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 
November 2021 in the event of a violation of the CBR considered in addition to the MREL. The 
Commitments published by the European Commission on 3 October 2022 also prohibited the Bank - 
assuming that no dividend distribution prohibitions set by the ECB or the SRB are already in place - 
from making dividend distributions unless the CET 1 ratio and Total Capital Ratio are higher than the 
SREP guidance provided by the ECB by at least 50 to 100 basis points. 
It should be noted that, although the Business Plan 2022-2026 envisages, upon the occurrence of the 
relevant assumptions, the distribution of dividends starting from 2026 (30% pay-out ratio on 2025-
2026 results), the Issuer may not be able to proceed with the distribution of dividends due to legislative 
and regulatory prohibitions and/or limitations or resulting from measures of the relevant supervisory 
authorities. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the ECB, in a note published on 23 July 2021, decided not to 
extend beyond 30 September 2021 its recommendation addressed to all banks to limit the distribution 
of dividends, published in order for banks to preserve their capital and preserve their ability to support 
the economy in the context of great uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic 
(Recommendation ECB/2020/19, most recently replaced by Recommendation ECB/2020/62). However, 
the ECB continues to recommend that banks (i) adopt prudence in their decisions on dividends (as well 
as on share buybacks), carefully considering the sustainability of their business model, and (ii) do not 
underestimate the risk that additional losses may later affect the evolution of their capital profile when 
the support measures come to an end. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, however, it is not possible 
to exclude the risk of events occurring that would result in the publication of new recommendations by 
the supervisory authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, finally, it cannot be ruled out that, even in the face of distributable 
operating profits, the distribution of dividends to shareholders will not be resolved, thereby having a 
negative impact on the return on investment in the Bank's shares. 
1.12. 
Risks Related to Assumptions and Methodologies for Fair Value Measurement of the Issuer's 
Assets and Liabilities 
The preparation of the financial statements also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that 
may have a significant effect on the amounts recorded in the balance sheet and income statement. In 
particular, the Group is exposed to the risk that changes in the current values recorded at fair value in 
the financial statements as a result of changes in the main factors considered and the subjective 
assessments used may generate potential negative impacts on the Issuer's profitability.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
In line with IFRS 13, which governs fair value measurement rules, the Group classifies assets and 
liabilities carried at fair value in the financial statements, based on a threefold hierarchy that reflects the 
reliability of the inputs used in making valuations. 
Level 1 fair value assets and liabilities (L1) consist exclusively of financial instruments listed in active 
markets, and as the valuation is made on the basis of market prices (so-called "active markets"), the 
riskiness of the portfolio is typically related to fluctuations in market prices. 
Level 2 (L2) and Level 3 (L3) fair value valuations of assets and liabilities that are not based on market 
quotations require the selection of market information (including interest rates, exchange rates, 
valuations of comparable instruments), if available, and/or the adoption of subjective valuations also 
based on historical experience or internal valuation models, which by their very nature may vary. 
Changes in the current values recorded in the financial statements as a result of changes in the main 
factors considered and the subjective valuations used could generate negative impacts on the Group's 
profitability. 
The preparation of financial disclosures also requires the use of other estimates and assumptions that 
can have significant effects on the amounts recognized in the balance sheet and income statement. The 
other main instances for which the use of subjective judgements by management is most required are: 
a) 
the quantification of impairment losses on receivables and, in general, other financial assets; 
b) 
the assessment of the appropriateness of the value of equity investments and other non-financial 
assets (goodwill, tangible assets, including the value in use of assets acquired through leasing, 
and intangible assets); 
c) 
the estimate and assumptions on the recoverability of DTAs; 
d) 
the estimation of liabilities arising from defined-benefit corporate pension funds; 
e) 
the quantification of provisions for legal and tax liabilities; and 
f) 
the quantification of the fair value of properties held for investment and properties used in the 
business. 
As anticipated, the measurement of fair value Level 2 and fair value Level 3 involves the use of market 
information, if available, and/or the adoption of subjective assessments, also based on historical 
experience or internal valuation models. Estimates and assumptions may be different from year to year 
and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that, in subsequent years, the current values recorded in the 
financial statements may change, even significantly, with potential negative impacts on the Group's 
profitability. 
For more information on the Issuer’s risks related to the exposure to debt securities issued by 
sovereign states, please refer to the “Exposure to sovereign debt risk” paragraph of the 2023 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and to the “Exposure to sovereign debt risk” paragraph of the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
1.13. 
Risks related to the impairment of DTAs  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that the recorded DTAs may in 
the future be subject to partial or full impairment in the financial statements (i) should the Issuer's 
future profitability levels be lower than estimated and insufficient to ensure the reabsorption of DTAs 
(including in view of the possible impacts resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
Ukraine), or (ii) should significant changes in current tax legislation and related practice occur. As of 30 
June 2023, DTAs at the Group level amounted to Euro 1,509.1 million (compared to Euro 1,498.1 
million as of 31 December 2022, Euro 1,046.4 million as of 31 December 2021, and Euro 1,183.7 
million as of 31 December 2020), of which Euro 545.5 million can be converted into a tax credit under 
Law of 22 December 2011, no. 214 ("Law 214/2011") (Euro 576.9 million as of 31 December 2022, 
Euro 577.5 million as of 31 December 2021, and Euro 760.2 million as of 31 December 2020). The 
recognition was made to the extent that the contingent DTAs were deemed, under the assumption of 
continuity of current tax legislation and related practice, recoverable (so-called probability test) either 
because they can be transformed into tax credits pursuant to Law 214/2011 (DTAs with guaranteed 
recovery), or because they can be offset against the taxes that will be due against estimated future 
taxable income. As a result of the aforementioned probability test as of 30 June 2023, DTAs amounting 
to an additional Euro 3,214.2 million are unrecognized. 
With regard to insufficient future taxable income, the risk of impairment would concern only the DTAs 
that cannot be transformed into tax credits (amounting to Euro 963.6 million as of 30 June 2023), since 
the recovery of the transformable DTAs is irrespective of the Issuer's future earning capacity. In the 
event of future regulatory changes, on the other hand, the risk of impairment could affect the total 
amount of DTAs recorded in the financial statements; for example, with reference to the balances 
recorded in the Issuer's 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report as of 30 June 2023, a one-point 
reduction in the nominal IRES rate would result in a partial impairment of the relevant DTAs in the 
amount of Euro 49.3 million, and the possible repeal of IRAP would result in the full cancellation of 
DTAs referring to this tax in the amount of Euro 153.3 million. 
The effects of the aforementioned write-downs (as well as any revaluations) on capital ratios for 
regulatory supervisory purposes would differ depending on the type of DTAs affected, depending on 
the different prudential treatment provided. Specifically: 
- 
with regard to DTAs from tax losses and/or from “ACE” (Aid to Economic Growth under Art. 1 Law 
Decree 201/2011) surpluses, the impact of any write-down on capital ratios would be nil, as this 
type of DTA is deducted in full from regulatory capital (the effect on the income statement would 
be sterilised by the deduction); 
- 
with regard to DTAs that can be transformed into tax credits under Law 214/2011, the impact 
would be high because such DTAs are not negative elements of capital and are included in Risk 
Weighted Assets (RWA) with a 100% weighting (the effect on the income statement would be only 
partially offset by the opposite effect on RWA); and 
- 
with respect to DTAs having a different nature from the previous ones, the impact on capital 
ratios would be nil up to the point at which said DTAs exceed the allowance and relevant for the 
part included in it. 
Finally, it should be noted that any write-down of unrecognized DTAs would have no impact on capital 
ratios. 
In addition, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that unrecognized DTAs could also be subject to partial or 
total write-downs in the future, resulting in the non-existence of the associated latent assets. In 
particular, they could be subject to reduction if significant changes to current tax regulations and 
related practices occur, as well as a result of any denials made by the tax authorities with respect to 
disapplicative interpellations that may be proposed by the Issuer pursuant to current applicable legal 
provisions in connection with the business combination transactions envisaged in the Business Plan 
2022-2026. In particular, Articles 172 and 173 of the T.U.I.R. provide, inter alia, limitations on the

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
carry-forward of tax losses and "ACE" surpluses (with respect to merger and demerger transactions, 
respectively). 
2. 
Risk factors related to the operating activity and the industry in which the Issuer and the Group 
operate 
2.1. 
Operational risks 
The Group is exposed to operational risk, which consists of the risk of incurring losses resulting from 
internal or external fraud, the inadequacy or improper functioning of business procedures, errors or 
deficiencies in human resources and internal systems, interruptions or malfunctions of services or 
systems, errors or omissions in the provision of services offered, or exogenous events. 
The Group determines the capital requirement for operational risk using the advanced method 
(Advanced Measurement Approach) for major Group companies and the basic method (Base Indicator 
Approach) for smaller subsidiaries. Operational loss events to which the Group is exposed fall into the 
following regulatory categories: 
- 
internal fraud; 
- 
external fraud; 
- 
labour relations; 
- 
business practices; 
- 
property damage; 
- 
IT systems; and 
- 
process execution. 
Within the operational risks there are risks of incurring economic, reputational and market share losses 
in connection with the use of information and communication technology. Types of information 
technology risks include: 
- 
risks related to malfunctions, errors, deficiencies and environmental events, which may 
compromise the availability and integrity of data and systems, the continuity of business 
processes, or the implementation of evolutions and changes on systems; 
- 
cyber (or cybersecurity) risks related to the success of external attacks or malicious activities of 
internal parties, which may compromise the confidentiality, integrity and authenticity of 
corporate data and information, and the continuity of services provided; and 
- 
risks related to the use of IT services/systems provided by third parties. The main factors of 
exposure to IT risk concern: 
- 
the continuous evolution and sophistication of the cyber threat, also fueled by geopolitical 
tensions at the international level; 
- 
the expansion of the attack surface, related to the digitization of services and business 
processes, and the transformation of the corporate information system into a "technology hub," 
with the increasing use of outsourcing and cloud solutions; and

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
- 
the need to achieve business objectives through the implementation of digital transformation and 
data enhancement plans from a business perspective. 
In the 2022 SREP Decision, with respecto to the the need to strengthen cyber risk prevention and 
mitigation processes with a view to minimizing the risk of the occurrence of major cyber incidents, the 
ECB acknowledged the implementation of the remedial actions defined by the supervisory authority, but 
considers that the IT risk is still high, with areas of focus in organizational structure, implementation of 
technical solutions, assertiveness of control functions, and in general IT risk culture, considering the 
high exposure to cybersecurity, availability and continuity risks of IT resources and outsourcing risks. In 
addition, the low quality of IT and data quality operational management controls is highlighted. 
The ECB also stressed the relevance of the tightness of anti-money laundering safeguards to 
operational risk, considering that during the pandemic period, partly due to repeated lockdowns, the 
reduction in customer contacts slowed down the improvement actions implemented by the Bank. 
Finally, in the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB acknowledged the implementation of remedial actions from 
an organisational and methodological point of view, but points out that, to be fully effective, processes 
and behaviours must also improve in the same way; therefore, there is a risk that the supervisory 
authority may not consider them satisfactory, requiring further remedial actions, resulting in significant 
adverse effects on the Bank's business and capital and/or financial position of the Bank and/or the 
Group. Furthermore, in the 2022 SREP Decision, the ECB highlighted weaknesses in the governance of IT 
infrastructure, data aggregation and reporting, which need to be significantly improved in light of the 
low capacity to produce necessary information in a timely and effective manner. 
Should the operational risk management processes prove to be inadequate, the Issuer and the Group 
could be exposed to unforeseen risks, including due to unforeseeable events wholly or partially beyond 
the control of the Issuer or the Group, resulting in the possibility of incurring losses, including 
significant losses, and potentially detrimental effects on the Group's economic, asset and/or financial 
position. 
2.2. 
Market risks  
The Group is exposed to market risk represented by potential losses in the value of financial 
instruments held by the Issuer, including securities of sovereign states, as a result of movements in 
market variables (such as, by way of example, interest rates, credit spreads, share prices, exchange 
rates, inflation levels) or other factors, which could generate a deterioration in the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's capital strength, both with regard to the trading portfolio (c. so-called "trading book"), and with 
regard to the portion of the banking portfolio (so-called "banking book") subject to market risks. 
The Issuer quantifies this type of risk through the use of a "Value to Risk" measure (the "VaR"); with 
reference to the trading book as of 30 June 2023, the VaR at the 99% is approximately of Euro 4,51 
million at the Group level (approximately Euro 3,70 million as of 31 December 2022, Euro 3,38 million 
as of 31 December 2021 and Euro 5,24 million as of 31 December 2020).  
The Group believes that it is particularly exposed to market risks, both with reference to external 
elements (the potential volatility of underlying risk factors) and to internal factors related, for example, 
to the VaR methodology used to estimate unexpected losses related to the overall trading and banking 
book portfolio. 
Banking portfolios, in particular, represent the main component of the Group's market in terms of 
internal capital, mainly attributable to BMPS' exposure to debt securities, concentrated on the

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
component of Italian government securities measured at amortized cost (i.e., positions in amortizing 
cost (AC)). 
With regard to the trading book, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, is lower than in the past 
and stems from liquidity providing/market making activities in the markets concerned, from trading 
with customers with a related risk taking activity, from offering products and services for corporate and 
institutional customers (bancassurance products, hedging derivatives, structured bonds and 
certificates) with active risk management from a risk warehousing perspective, and from the Bank's 
treasury hedging activities for customer service transactions. The short/medium-term proprietary 
trading component is insignificant, limited to liquid instruments with low transaction costs. 
As anticipated, market risk could be generated by changes in the general performance of the economy 
and national and international financial markets, monetary and fiscal policies, market liquidity on a 
global scale, availability and cost of capital, interventions by rating agencies, political events at both 
local and international levels, war and acts of terrorism, and the spread of epidemics that impact public 
health and the economy. In the current context, this risk may also manifest itself as a result of the 
global increase in inflation and commodity prices in the face of, among other things, the continuation 
of hostilities in Ukraine, as well as the further expected increase in interest rates that may be 
implemented by the ECB, which is already evident in market expectations as of the first quarter of the 
year. 
Finally, in the 2022 SREP Decision, while acknowledging the reduction in the risk profile on Italian 
government bonds implemented by the Bank, the ECB continued to highlight profiles/points of 
attention that related, among other things, to market risk, in relation to the Bank's significant exposure 
to government bonds as a significant risk factor in light of the significant volatility of the BTP credit 
spread.  
2.3. 
Risks related to supervisory authority investigations 
Since the Issuer carries out banking activities and provides investment services, it is subject to 
extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the ECB, Bank of Italy, and Consob, each for the 
aspects under its jurisdiction. 
In particular, as of 4 November 2014, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM") was launched, 
which includes the ECB and the competent national authorities of the participating member states, 
including the Bank of Italy, and is responsible for the prudential supervision of all "significant" credit 
institutions in the participating member states. As of that date, therefore, BMPS as a "significant" bank 
is subject to the direct supervision of the ECB, which exercises its powers in close cooperation with the 
national supervisory authorities (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, which has retained supervisory powers over 
the Issuer, in accordance with the rules of the Consolidated Finance Act). In the exercise of their 
supervisory powers, the ECB and the Bank of Italy subject the Issuer to various ordinary and 
extraordinary inspection and/or verification activities on a periodic basis in order to carry out their 
prudential supervisory tasks. Regarding verification activities in particular, reference is made to off and 
on-site supervision, the combination of which aims to ensure a detailed and thorough analysis of the 
supervised entities’ business and risks. On-site supervision is performed through on-site inspections 
(OSIs), internal model investigations (IMIs) or other verification activities such as, in particular, the 
“Thematic Review”.  
The aforementioned inspection and/or verification activities feed into the annual prudential review and 
assessment process, the purpose of which is to ascertain that the credit institution is equipped with 
appropriate capital and organizational safeguards with respect to the risks assumed, ensuring the 
overall management balance.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
For further information on the assessment procedures on the Issuer please refer to sub-section 
“ECB/Bank of Italy and Consob inspections during the period 2019-2023” under section “Banca Monte 
dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” of the Base Prospectus.  
In light of the foregoing, the Group is exposed to the risk that as a result of the aforementioned 
inspections, procedural deficiencies may emerge that could imply the need to take organizational 
actions and reinforce safeguards aimed at addressing these deficiencies. Any inadequacy of the 
corrective actions and remedial plans undertaken by the Bank to implement any recommendations 
made by the supervisory authorities could lead to significant negative effects on the Group's economic, 
equity and/or financial situation and possible sanction proceedings, including those of an interdictory 
nature, with consequent reputational repercussions. 
Specifically, in relation to on-site inspections, failure to comply with the implementation of remedial 
actions within the required timeframe exposes the Bank to the risk of a negative assessment by the 
Authority, which may incorporate such a judgment as part of the broader annual SREP assessment 
process, even applying specific requirements to achieve the target set, if necessary. In relation to 
internal models inspections, failure to comply with findings requirements exposes the Bank to the risk 
of sanctions, limitations and/or RWA add-on requests. 
Such remedial actions, where not formally accepted by the ECB, are not final in nature, and could 
therefore be subject to future requests for review by the supervisory authority. 
2.4. 
Risks related to outstanding legal proceedings  
The Group is involved in various capacities in certain legal proceedings (civil, labor, criminal and 
administrative). In particular, the criminal proceedings originate in an extraordinary and exceptional 
context related to the criminal investigations that specifically affected the Issuer in the years 2012, 
2013, and from 2015 until the date of the Base Prospectus. 
As of 30 June 2023, the Group is a party to court proceedings arising from the conduct of its business 
(excluding labour and tax proceedings) with a total petitum, where quantified, of Euro 4.1 billion 
(rounded) and out-of-court claims for a petitum of approximately Euro 2.3 billion, mainly pertaining to 
claims classified as "likely" at risk of losing. 
In light of the foregoing, it cannot be ruled out that any investigative and procedural findings 
significantly different from these estimates, such as the establishment in the future of further 
significant litigation, could - also in light of developments in case law - lead to the need for a revision 
of the same, resulting in even significant risk to the economic, financial and equity situation and 
prospects of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
It should also be noted that, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group's image is damaged by 
the events related to the judicial proceedings initiated by the Public Prosecutor's Office in the last 
decade against the Bank and certain individuals at the time who were exponents of the same, including 
the structured finance transactions called “Alexandria” and "Santorini" and the real estate reorganization 
transaction of the Group called “Chianti Classico” (please also refer to sub-paragraphs “Criminal 
proceedings no. 29634/14” and “Proceedings before the Court of Milan no. 13756/2020” of paragraph 
“Criminal investigations and proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this 
Base Prospectus). Negative perceptions of the Group's image on the part of customers, counterparties, 
shareholders, investors or the competent supervisory authorities could affect the ability of BMPS and/or 
the Group to maintain, or create, new business relationships and continue to access “funding” 
resources, with even significant repercussions for its activities and volume of profits and capital. Such 
negative perception could also result from the possible emergence of new judicial, tax or arbitration

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or the other banks of the Group as well as its employees or 
exponents or from possible administrative sanctions, significant financial losses, regardless of the 
grounds for the claims made. 
In this regard, it should be noted that as part of the analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, 
the ECB highlighted among the Bank’s weaknesses/points of attention profiles that relate, among other 
things, to operational risk, where legal risk explains most of the exposure. Legal risk is due both to 
past events that have weakened the Group's reputation and to the high number of ongoing lawsuits, to 
which were added insufficient governance and control processes compared to the size and complexity 
of this risk, which was identified by the ECB as higher than the corresponding risk affecting the Bank's 
competitors. The size of the pending proceedings is also identified by the ECB as an obstacle to a 
merger transaction on market terms and may still result in a significant negative impact on the Issuer's 
future profitability. The supervisory authority expects that this exposure will continue to be high in the 
years ahead and that the path to normalizing the Bank's reputation and litigation risk will be a long one. 
These assessments were confirmed by the supervisory authority in the 2022 SREP Decision according to 
which, moreover, while noting the reduction in exposure pursued in 2021 due to the settlement with 
the MPS Foundation and other minor transactions, a new increase in out-of-court claims in the middle 
part of 2022 is highlighted due to the initiative of a single company. In addition, the ECB highlights that 
although a possible further reduction in exposure to legal risks may materialize due to the development 
of one of the criminal proceedings in which BMPS is a civil party and in which some former executives 
are involved, it cannot be excluded that new strands of litigation against the Bank may open up, 
particularly in relation to another criminal proceeding concerning alleged irregularities in the 
accounting of NPLs (please also refer to sub-paragraph “Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 
interim financial statements in respect of the Non-performing loans– Proceeding 33714/2016” of 
paragraph “Criminal investigations and proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section 
of this Base Prospectus). 
2.5. 
Risks related to the administrative liability of legal persons and the possible inadequacy of the 
Issuer's organization and management model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Bank is involved in three criminal proceedings with respect to 
which the Bank has been charged with liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001, specifically: 
- 
in criminal proceeding no. 955/16, concerning the accounting of the Alexandria and Santorini 
transactions; the Bank's allegation of liability is based on the alleged offences of market 
manipulation and false corporate communications (please also refer to sub-paragraph 
“Proceedings before the Court of Milan no. 955/2016” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and 
proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus); 
- 
in criminal proceeding no.1874/14 before the Court of Forlì attributable to the conduct of some 
employees of the Forlì branch; the contestation of administrative offences under Legislative 
Decree 231/2001 is based on the predicate offences of obstructing the exercise of the functions 
of public supervisory authorities, money laundering and transnational criminal association; on 18 
February 2023, the Public Prosecutor filed a request for the dismissal of all the defendants, 
natural persons and legal entities, including the Bank, with the exception of the top management 
positions of the San Marino bank, for which separate proceedings will be carried out. The Bank 
therefore awaits the determinations of the Judge of Preliminary Investigations, which, if 
consistent with the request of the Public Prosecutor, will determine the extinction of the 
proceedings. 
- 
in criminal proceeding no. 33714/2016 before the Court of Milan, on 14 December 2022 a 
request for indictment was issued against three former members of the Bank (two chairmen of

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
the board of directors and a managing director) and a former executive (responsible for 
preparing the corporate accounting documents); on 12 December 2022 the Bank's position as 
administrative manager pursuant to Model 231 has been eliminated (please also refer to sub-
paragraph “Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 interim financial statements in respect of 
the Non-performing loans– Proceeding 33714/2016” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and 
proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus). 
In light of the above, BMPS is exposed to the risk of incurring convictions as a responsible party 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 with significant negative effects on its economic, financial and 
equity situation as a result. 
The Issuer and the Group are therefore exposed to the risk of incurring penalties arising from any 
assessment of the inadequacy of the models adopted, including the organization, management and 
control model envisaged by the provisions of Legislative Decree 231/2001 and subsequent 
amendments and additions (the “231 Model”) and/or from the commission of an offence that provides 
for the administrative liability of the Issuer and the Group pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 as 
well as pursuant to similar provisions applicable in the countries in which the Group operates. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the adoption of the 231 Model does not exclude the applicability 
of the sanctions provided for in Legislative Decree 231/2001 and that the adequacy and suitability of 
the model to prevent the crimes covered by the legislation is ascertained from time to time by the 
judicial authority called who verifies the individual cases of crime. If the 231 Model is not considered 
adequate by the judicial authority, and in the event of an offence, it is not recognized that the Issuer is 
exempt from liability; a fine and confiscation of any price or profit of the offence is foreseen against the 
Issuer, in addition to publication of the conviction and, for more serious cases, the possible application 
of disqualification sanctions, such as disqualification from conducting business, the suspension or 
revocation of authorizations, licenses or concessions, the prohibition to contract with the public 
administration, the exclusion from facilitations, financing, contributions or subsidies and the possible 
revocation of those already granted as well as, finally, the prohibition to advertise goods and services, 
with consequent significant negative effects on the activity, prospects, reputation as well as the 
economic, equity and financial situation of the Issuer and the Group. 
2.6. 
Risks related to bancassurance relationships  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group carries out bancassurance activities on the basis of an 
agreement with the group headed by AXA S.A. concerning the development of activities in the 
bancassurance, life and non-life and supplementary pension business, effective until 2027, the date of 
natural dissolution, unless otherwise agreed between the parties.  
The shareholders' agreement originally entered into between MPS Finance Banca Immobiliare S.p.A. 
(“MPS Finance”) (which was later universally succeeded by the Bank) and AXA Mediterranean Holding S.A. 
(“AXA MH”) with the Bank and AXA S.A. also participating, aimed at regulating the governance of certain 
joint ventures between the two companies, provides that upon the occurrence of certain material events 
- such as change of control, breach of lock-up clauses, natural expiration of the agreement, serious 
default of one of the parties and/or invalidity of the agreement itself - the following rights arise: (a) the 
right of AXA MH to sell to the Bank the shares of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH (the “Put Option”) as well as (b) the right of MPS Finance (as 
at the date of the Base Prospectus, the right is of BMPS) to purchase the shares of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH (the “Call Option”). 
Depending on the relevant event that triggers the exercise of the Call Option or the Put Option, it is 
expected that the sale or purchase price of the shares of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA 
MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. will vary between 80% and 120% of the value of the shares of the two

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
aforementioned companies, as determined by the Bank and AXA MH and/or a team of independent 
experts. This value of the shares will be determined (i) for the life business, taking into consideration 
the embedded value and goodwill, whereas (ii) for the non-life business, using the discounted cash flow 
methodology. 
Should the relevant framework agreement terminate (as a result of the activation of the Put Option or 
the Call Option arising from the occurrence of one of the relevant events), the Bank would be required 
to purchase the entire share capital of the existing joint ventures with AXA S.A., under the terms and 
conditions described above. The resulting investment is not envisaged under the Business Plan 2022-
2026 and, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, cannot be quantified, even taking into account existing 
contractual provisions; such an investment could hinder the Bank's ability to pursue the Business Plan 
2022-2026's capital targets, making it necessary to revise the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
The actual exercise of the Put Option by AXA MH - on the occurrence of one of the relevant events 
provided for in the shareholders' agreement, including the change of control in the Bank resulting from 
the sale by the MEF of the stake held in it - and consequently the obligation of BMPS to purchase the 
shares of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH 
could result in even significant negative effects on the Bank's and/or the Group's economic, equity 
and/or financial situation. In particular, said purchase transactions could have significant impacts on 
the Issuer's solvency ratios based on the rules in force from time to time relating to the prudential 
treatment of insurance holdings. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that any conflicting situations between the parties 
participating in said alliance initiatives could lead, among other things, to operational deadlocks, 
resulting in the Group's inability to pursue the economic benefits derived from them and with possible 
even significant negative effects on the Bank's and/or the Group's activities and economic, equity 
and/or financial situation. 
Finally, it should be noted that the agreement in place with AXA MH - having terms and conditions in 
line with market practice for similar transactions - provides for an obligation of indemnification by the 
Bank in the event of a breach of the provisions contained therein up to a maximum limit of 10% of the 
Life Branch Price, with an absolute deductible of Euro 5,000,000, in relation to AXA MPS Assicurazioni 
Vita S.p.A. and within the maximum limit of 10% of the consideration paid by AXA MH for the purchase 
of ordinary shares representing 50% of the capital of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A., with an 
absolute deductible of Euro 2,000,000. In this regard, it should be noted that although the 
indemnification obligation relating to the general guarantees expired in 2008, as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus the Bank is exposed to the risk that, in the event of a breach of the declarations made in 
tax, social security, insurance, labour law as well as concerning compliance with anti-money 
laundering, regulatory and supervisory regulations, it will be required to bear the charges arising from 
the aforementioned indemnification obligations. 
2.7. 
Risks related to the speculative rating assigned to the Issuer and its debt  
The Issuer and its debt are subject to ratings by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”), Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), and DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”, and together with Moody’s and Fitch, the 
“Agencies”), which, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, have assigned ratings to the Issuer that fall 
into the non-investment grade category, which is characterised by an accentuated risk profile and 
includes debt securities that are particularly exposed to adverse economic, financial, and sectoral 
conditions. Specifically, the ratings assigned are:  
(i) 
for Moody's: b1 (Baseline Credit Assessment), Ba2 (long-term deposit rating) and B1 (long-term 
senior unsecured debt rating), NP (short-term deposit rating), as per the rating action dated 31 
May 2023, in which the rating agency has improved the outlook on long-term deposit and senior

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
unsecured debt ratings from “stable” to “positive”, affirming the bank’s ratings already upgraded 
by 2 notches and 3 notches on the long-term senior unsecured debt rating, following the rating 
action dated 16 February 2023. The change of the outlook is based on the expectations that 
BMPS’s improved creditworthiness, in particular reflected in its higher recurrent profitability and 
ability to access to the bond market, would result in a higher Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) if 
such improvements were to be sustained over the next 12 to 18 months. Furthermore, additional 
bond issuances aiming to fulfill MREL requirements, will strengthen BMPS liquidity position. The 
positive outlook also reflects Moody’s expectation that the ongoing implementation of the plan, 
which has gained momentum thanks to the €2.5 billion capital increase, will yield additional 
results; if these objectives are met over the outlook period, this could prompt an upgrade of 
BMPS’ ratings of more than one notch. 
(ii) 
for DBRS: BB (low) (Intrinsic Assessment), BB (long-term deposit rating) and BB (low) (long-term 
senior unsecured debt rating), R-4 (short-term deposit rating) as per the latest rating action 
dated 17 May 2023. The outlook is "stable."  
The upgrade of ratings takes into account the improvements in BMPS’s fundamentals in the last 
few years, thanks to which DBRS considers BMPS much better positioned than in the past. In 
particular, the Euro 2.5 billion capital increase has adequately restored capital levels and 
provided room to execute the 2022-2026 Business plan, which has already led to structural 
improvements in BMPS’s earnings generation capacity. In particular, the substantial headcount 
reduction of around 4,000 employees in December 2022 was key to a structurally improved 
operating efficiency, which materialised in the results of first quarter of 2023. Moreover, the 
rating action incorporates an improved revenue outlook, as BMPS is expected to benefit from 
rising interest rates in 2023. Finally, the upgrade incorporates the Bank’s much cleaner asset 
quality profile, with asset quality metrics in line with that of its domestic peers.  
(iii) 
for Fitch: b+ (Viability Rating), BB- (Long-term Deposit Rating), B+ (Long-term Senior Debt 
Rating) and B (Short-term Deposit Rating) as per the latest rating action dated 24 November 
2022. The outlook is "stable". According to Fitch, the upgrade occurred in the latest rating action 
reflects the Bank’s strengthened capitalisation following the capital increase which restored 
adequate capital buffers over regulatory requirements and gives the Bank the necessary 
resources to complete its restructuring plan, including crucial cost cuts and investments. The 
upgrade also considers a reduced stock of impaired loans and lower capital encumbrance by the 
unreserved portion since MPS asset-quality clean-up. The rating agency Fitch expects the cost 
reductions, in combination with rising interest rates, to lead to higher and more sustainable 
profitability and more than offset the impact from expected deterioration in the operating 
environment in Italy in 2023.  
The Issuer's rating may also be affected by the rating of the Italian State which, as of the date of this 
Supplement, is Baa3 for Moody's with a negative outlook, BBB for S&P with a stable outlook, BBB for 
Fitch with a stable outlook, and BBB (high) for DBRS with a stable outlook. Any significant downgrade in 
Italy's sovereign rating could adversely affect the Issuer's ratings, with consequent negative effects on 
the Bank's and/or the Group's business and economic, capital, and/or financial position. 
Should the Issuer experience a deterioration (so-called downgrading) in the ratings assigned by the 
Agencies, there could be a greater burden in raising financing, less easy recourse to the capital market 
and, more generally, potential negative repercussions for the Group's liquidity. 
2.8. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) 
The Group is exposed to interest rate trends in the markets in which it operates, changes in which (both 
positive and negative) can have a negative impact on the value of the Group's assets and liabilities and 
on net interest income. As part of the analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, the 2022 SREP

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
Decision reiterated the highlight, among some of the Bank's weaknesses/points of attention, of profiles 
that related to the interest rate risk of the banking book, highlighting the need to improve the 
effectiveness of the measurement system (in fact, the Bank should not only include in the measurement 
the impact of a movement in rates on net interest income, but also on instruments held on the balance 
sheet whose value impacts the income statement or directly on equity), ex-ante assessment and ex-
post reporting. This weakness could reduce the effectiveness of the Bank's internal control system and 
thus the Board's ability to effectively guide the Group's positioning with respect to rate curve 
movements, with possible negative effects on the income statement and thus also on the Issuer's 
capital position. It should be noted that the point has been addressed by the Bank throughout 2022. 
The banking book identifies all the Group's commercial operations related to the maturity 
transformation of balance sheet assets and liabilities, treasury, foreign branches, and reference hedging 
derivatives. The Group is exposed to interest rate trends in the markets in which it operates, changes in 
which (both positive and negative) can have an impact on the value of the Group's assets and liabilities 
and on net interest income. In turn, interest rate trends are driven by a number of factors outside the 
Group's control, such as monetary policies, macroeconomic trends, and political conditions in the 
relevant countries. In addition, consider that the results of banking and financing operations also 
depend on the management of the Group's exposure to interest rates. 
The banking book's interest rate risk measurements are mainly based on the exposure to interest rate 
risk for a change in the interest margin (short-term perspective) and economic value (long-term 
perspective) of assets and liabilities in the banking book, applying both parallel shifts, of varying 
magnitude, to all rate curves and non-parallel shifts in rate curves.  
2.9. 
Risks related to the impact of current uncertainties in the macroeconomic, financial and 
political environment on the performance of the Issuer and the Group  
The economic results of the Issuer and the Group companies, in view of their activities, are significantly 
influenced by the dynamics of the financial markets as well as by the macroeconomic environment (with 
particular regard to growth prospects) of Italy. In particular, the national and global macroeconomic 
framework has recently deteriorated and it is marked by significant profiles of uncertainty in terms of 
magnitude of the dampening effects on demand due to monetary policies tightening measures in 
response to high inflation, price dynamics, including potential renewed upward pressures on the costs 
of energy and food, the continuation of the conflict affecting Ukraine and Russia and growing 
geopolitical tensions in the Pacif Area. 
There is now increasing evidence that the tightening of monetary policy is weighing on demand and 
income in the Euro Area affecting the growth outlook. The impact of ECB monetary tightening is also 
becoming more evident with the demand and supply of credit that are slowing in recent months. The 
risk to economic growth is tilted to the downside and, even in Italy, espansion could be slower if the 
effects of monetary policy are more forceful than expected. 
With particular reference to the aforementioned war conflict scenario, even if the world economy shows 
signs of resilience and adaptation to the conflict in Ukraine, new shocks on energy market due to a war 
escalation or intensified supply restrictions by exporter countries (ie. OPEC), could still afflicts 
households and in particular companies that could be impacted by the trend in the prices and 
availability of energy and raw materials (identified by the Group in companies belonging to the 
transport and logistics, refining and wholesale of fuels and fuels, those related to electric power, plus 
some specific production chains such as wool and milling industries, cold processing of steel, and 
production and processing of chemical fibres).

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
Upside risks to inflation also include the effects of adverse weather conditions, and the unfolding 
climate crisis that could push food prices up by more than expected, or higher than anticipated 
increases in wages or profit margins that could also drive inflation higher. 
From a financial perspective, a further deterioration and weaker investment in the Chinese residential 
property market could lead to new tensions in the associated financial market, with global spillovers. 
Despite the intervention of the Authorities, new banking sector’s crisis could also eventually recur, 
boosting global uncertainty. 
The global macroeconomic picture is also affected by uncertainty about: (a) spillovers from weaker 
growth in China b) a subdued international trade environment c) re-introduction of more rigid EU fiscal 
rules that may force policies to a restrictive stance in the medium term with risk of political 
fragmentation in Europe; (d) geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and China. 
With reference to the COVID-19 pandemic emergency, despite the fact that the Italian government lifted 
the state of emergency on 31 March 2022 and ended restrictions regarding isolation on 10 August 
2023, the risk cannot be ruled out, albeit significantly reduced, that new variants of the virus will lead 
to a resurgence of the pandemic, with new repercussions on the national economic cycle, while at the 
international level limitating supply in many global supply chains (expecially in China). 
There are also specific risks related to the Italian financial and political situation and the 
implementation of the National Recovery and Resilience Plan that, if hardly revised, postponed or failing 
in supporting green transition, could affects investors' perception of country risk by being reflected in a 
high yield differential between the Italian 10-year and the German bund. Also an eventually failure in 
complying with the domestic debt reduction trajectories agreed with EU could impact negatively on 
investors' perception of Italian country risk. 
Should these risks lead to a stagnation or recessionary trend in the Italian economy in the short to 
medium term, this could adversely affect the dynamics of the main banking aggregates and the specific 
impacts on the Bank's and Group's economic, financial and capital position could be significant. In 
particular, a contraction in demand for credit could manifest itself for the banking sector, with a 
decrease in customer deposits mainly with reference to companies, a slowdown in ordinary banking 
activity, a deterioration of the loan portfolio with a concomitant increase in the stock of impaired loans 
and insolvency situations, decrease in the value of assets due to the decrease in stock and bond prices, 
deterioration of revenues and increase in loan adjustments, with negative effects on the Group's 
activities and economic, financial and equity position. In this context, in particular, there is the 
possibility that the economic slowdown will lead to a deterioration in the quality of the loan portfolio, 
with a consequent increase in the incidence of non-performing loans and the need to increase 
provisions in the income statement; there is also the possibility of a negative impact on the Group's 
ability to generate revenues, due to the weakening of demand for both financing and investment 
services and products from customers.  
This recessionary scenario would also have negative impacts on: (i) commissions, with negative effects 
due to the volatility of financial markets, which are reflected in securities prices and on the contribution 
from indirect deposits, operations and products placed; (ii) net interest income, which, in addition to 
the reduction in intermediated volumes, would suffer a higher cost of "funding"; the result of securities 
portfolio management activities due to the aforementioned volatility of financial markets; and (iii) the 
fair value measurements of financial assets and liabilities, due to their lower market value. 
It should be borne in mind that the Business Plan 2022-2026 considers a macroeconomic scenario that 
is consistent, in terms of Italian economic growth, with the estimates of the main national and 
international institutions (e.g., ECB, Bank of Italy, Istat) available at the date of approval of the Business

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
Plan 2022-2026; however, it cannot be excluded that the evolution of the main phenomena that 
characterize the current macroeconomic context will produce significant deviations from the 
assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
For further information with respect to the risks described in this paragraph please also see the 
sections “Reference context” and “Russia – Ukraine Conflict” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly 
Report and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
2.10. 
Counterparty Risks  
As part of its operations, the Group trades derivative contracts on a wide variety of underlyings, such as 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, prices in equity indices, commodity derivatives, and credit rights 
both with counterparties in the financial services sector, commercial banks, government departments, 
financial and insurance companies, investment banks, funds, and other institutional clients, and with 
non-institutional clients. 
The Group, as required by supervisory regulations, for the purpose of measuring counterparty risk 
exposure, uses, from June 2021, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the 
"CRR II"), the Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk (SA CCR) method for the 
determination of Exposure at Default (EAD) for all transactions in Over the Counter (OTC) derivatives, 
Exchange Traded Derivatives (ETD) and LST, and the comprehensive method as defined by Regulation 
(EU) 2013/275 for the determination of EAD for SFT transactions. For the purpose of mitigating the 
value of EADs, Credit Risk Mitigation techniques (i.e. netting agreement, collateral agreement) are 
widely used in the Group, in compliance with the requirements set by current regulations. The Group 
also oversees the counterparty risk associated with derivative and repo transactions through the 
definition of guidelines and policies for management, measurement and monitoring differentiated 
according to counterparty characteristics. These policies ensure that the counterparty risk measurement 
system, in relation to the definition of the calculation methodology, production and analysis of EAD 
measures, is integrated into business processes, with exposure levels subject to daily monitoring by the 
control functions and presiding over specific limits, defined and deliberated by the Bank for derivative 
and SFT positions. The above contributes to maintaining counterparty risks at low levels, resulting in 
the Issuer's estimate of low materiality. Operations with financial institutions are almost entirely 
assisted by netting contracts with collateral exchange. With regard to operations with ordinary 
customers, the process is based on the distinction of roles and responsibilities between the different 
entities of the Group. Derivatives operations with customers involve the centralization of the product 
factory and market risk oversight in the Large Corporate & Investment Banking department of 
Commercial Officer structure (CCO-LCIB), with allocation, management and oversight of counterparty 
credit risk to customers in the Group's banks.  
In light of the above, the Group is exposed to the risk of default by its counterparties to derivative 
contracts, or that they become insolvent before the maturity of the relevant contract. This risk, which 
has been exacerbated as a result of the volatility of financial markets, may also arise in the presence of 
collateral, when any such collateral provided by the counterparty in favor of the Bank, or other Group 
company, against derivative exposures is not realized or settled at a value sufficient to cover the 
exposure with respect to the relevant counterparty. 
2.11. 
Risks related to the purchase and use of Superbonus/Ecobonus/Sismabonus tax credits  
The Bank is exposed to the risk of non-recoverability of tax credits acquired for transactions under 
Article 121, of Decree Law No. 34/2020. As of 30 June 2023, the nominal amount of the acquired 
credits present in the balance sheet assets is Euro 1,586.3 million. As of the same date, the 
aforementioned receivables have already been offset, under the conditions of the law, in the amount of

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
Euro 384.4 million; the remaining nominal amount (Euro 1,201.9 million) will be subject to recovery in 
subsequent annual instalments (up to a maximum of ten annual instalments). The corresponding book 
value recorded in the balance sheet on an amortised cost basis, which take into account the purchase 
price and net fees accrued, as at 30 June 2023 amounts to Euro 1,075.2 million. For further 
information, please make reference to paragraph “Other Assets” under the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023 incorporated by reference under this Base 
Prospectus. 
Pursuant to Article 121 of Decree Law No. 34/2020 ("Urgent measures on health, support for labor and 
the economy, as well as social policies related to the epidemiological emergency from COVID-19"), the 
Issuer purchased tax credits arising from transactions related to interventions in the construction sector 
(so-called superbonus, ecobonus, sismabonus, bonus facciate, etc.). Purchased tax credits must be 
used to offset payments of taxes and contributions due (the so-called "Tax Capacity"), within deadlines 
established by law, or transferred to third parties in time for use by the transferees. Failure to use or 
transfer within the terms results in a loss equal to the value not used or not transferred. Without 
prejudice to the controls imposed by the regulations and the rigorous preliminary verifications aimed at 
ascertaining the existence of all the requirements prescribed by law for the regular accrual of credits in 
the hands of taxpayers that the Issuer carries out as part of the credit acquisition process, in the event 
that the tax authorities challenge the Issuer for "complicity" in any violations put in place by the 
taxpayers from which the acquired credits originate, the same would be subject to administrative 
sanctions, as well as joint and several liability for the payment of taxes and interest with the taxpayer. 
It should be noted that if, for any reason, (i) significant changes in the current tax legislation were to 
occur or (ii) the payments on which to offset were less than the amount of the credits acquired, and the 
credits acquired in excess of the offsetting capacity (Tax Capacity) were not sold to third parties in a 
timely manner or (iii) co-responsibility emerged with respect to violations committed by taxpayers, or, 
again, (iv) credits were purchased despite the fact that there are situations for which the conditions set 
forth in Art. 35 ("obligation to report suspicious transactions") and 42 ("abstention") of Legislative 
Decree 231/2007 apply, the unrecovered value of the purchased receivables would have to be charged 
to loss, with negative effects on the Issuer's economic, asset and/or financial situation.  
2.12. 
Risks related to the territorial concentration of the Group's activities 
As of 30 June 2023, BMPS's commercial network is present throughout the country and divided into:  
• 
14 Regional Retail Departments, which report to the Chief Commercial Officer Retail and are in 
turn divided into 132 Districts, with approximately 10 branches each; 
• 
14 Regional Corporate and Private Departments, which report to the Chief Commercial Officer 
Corporate and Private, with 127 Specialised Centres, of which 73 Business Centres and 54 
Private/Family Office Centres. 
The credit supply chain is organised in line with the commercial chain. In fact, 14 “Direzioni Credito 
Territoriali Retail” and 14 “Direzioni Credito Territoriali Imprese” report , respectively to the Retail 
Lending Department and the to the Corporate Lending Department. 
Starting from November 2022, the organisational model in the distribution network has been optimised 
extending the “Commercial Module” model to branches with a workforce of up to 9 employees. The 
reorganisation has been supported by a HR training and retraining programme, a branch manager 
rotation programme, a gradual extension of the commercial chain (approx. 600 affluent specialists) and 
the reallocation of resources from central functions and main subsidiaries to the Network (approx. 280 
reallocated resources).

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
Due to presidium and historicity, the region of Tuscany is commercially articulated through two of the 
fourteen Regional Departments, while the other twelve Regional Departments cover each one wider 
territories, represented by one or more Italian regions. 
The operations of BMPS's commercial network show a concentration of branches and volumes of 
deposits and loans in the Tuscan administrative region, in terms of incidences related to the total of 
MPS in Italy, with average values fluctuating in a range between 19% and 22%, on average higher than 
the other administrative regions, in terms of incidences related to the total of MPS in Italy, of about 15-
17%. Similarly, the Group's distribution network is strongly rooted in the reference territories, as is also 
evident from the market shares in Tuscany of loans (14.8% compared to 4.3% of all of total Italy as of 30 
June 2023) and deposits (13.1% compared to 3.6% of all of total Italy as of 30 June 2023). 
There is therefore a potential risk that any change for the worse in the economic picture of the Tuscany 
region, in partial or total misalignment with the general national picture, could generate negative 
economic, financial and capital repercussions for the Group. 
In the face of this risk, it is particularly important for the Group to constantly monitor economic trends, 
in order to catch any signs of deterioration referring to specific territories, and to diversify its activities 
across the various economic sectors, with particular regard to those with corporate customers and 
lending as counterparts. 
In light of the above, it cannot be ruled out that the specific regional context may change and 
deteriorate, even in relative terms compared to the trend of the national economy, with possible 
negative effects on the Group's activities and economic, equity and/or financial situation. 
2.13. 
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries  
The Issuer and the Group have customers and partners who are located in various countries around the 
world. Some of these countries are, or may become, subject to comprehensive country-wide or 
territory-wide sanctions issued by the United States of America, the European Union and/or the United 
Nations (“Sanctioned Countries”). Such sanctions may limit the ability of the Issuer and/or the Group to 
continue operating with such customers and partners in the future.  
In particular, since January 2016, the Bank has undertaken and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
continues to undertake minor commercial transactions involving a limited number of private and state-
owned banks having registered addresses in Iran, Cuba and Syria. Such commercial transactions have 
all been, and are, carried out in full compliance with all sanction laws applicable to the Bank and the 
Bank’s internal sanctions-related policies and procedures for the purpose of supporting the Bank’s 
selected Italian customers. Neither the Bank nor the Group maintains any physical presence in Iran, 
Cuba and/or Syria, and the Bank’s existing activities as described above are undertaken solely through 
the use of correspondent banking relationships. The Bank and/or the Group do not otherwise conduct 
any other material business with any such sanctioned person or entity. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it is also not expected that this position will materially change moving forward. 
All of the activities described in the preceding paragraph have been, and are, conducted in compliance 
with all laws applicable to the Bank, and are not believed to have caused any person to violate any 
sanctions or the Blocking Statute (as defined below). Nor are they expected to result in the Bank and/or 
any member of the Group themselves becoming subject to such sanctions. However, following the 
unilateral decision of the United States to exit the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (“JCPOA”), the 
agreement originally entered into between, amongst others, Iran, the US and EU, and following the 
imposition of renewed extraterritorial US sanctions which were suspended pursuant to the JCPOA, there 
may be prejudicial effects on these operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or the

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
Group. In particular, to mitigate against the impact of the renewed US sanctions on Iran, the European 
Commission updated Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (the “Blocking 
Statute”). The Blocking Statute prohibits EU entities from complying with the extraterritorial US 
sanctions on Iran and Cuba.  
Furthermore, following the large-scale invasion of Ukraine launched by the Russian Federation on 24 
February 2022, NATO and other countries have implemented unprecedented financial and economic 
sanctions and export controls against Russia in response to the invasion of Ukraine, and are likely to 
impose additional ones, against certain Russian organisations and/or individuals (the “New Russian 
Sanctions”). The New Russian Sanctions constrain in various manners transactions with certain Russian 
entities and individuals, transactions in Russian sovereign debt and investment, trade and financing. 
The scope and scale of the New Russian Sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject 
to rapid and unpredictable change and may have considerable negative impacts on global 
macroeconmic conditions and European economies and counterparties. At present, it is difficult to 
ascertain how long the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may last, or how severe its impacts may 
become. The Group operates in compliance with the sanctions regime imposed on the Russian 
Federation since 2014, constantly adapting its operations to the international regulatory development 
on sanctions, including the New Russian Sanctions. Since February 2022, the operations of the Group in 
Russia have drastically decreased and are likely to further reduce should the New Russian Sanctions on 
the Russian Federation be maintained or other forms be implemented.  
The Groups’ ability to engage in activity with certain custormers and institutional businesses in the 
above mentioned Sanctioned Countries or involving certain businesses and customers in these 
countries, is dependent in part upon whether such engagements are restricted under any current or 
future new sanctions and may be discontinued in light of any developments. 
Actual or alleged violations of existing or future European, US or other international sanctions 
(including the Blocking Statute) could result in negative impacts on the capital, financial and economic 
situation of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
For further information with respect to the risks deriving from the Russo-Ukrainian war, please also see 
the section “Russia – Ukraine Conflict” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
2.14. 
Risks related to transactions with related parties 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have entered into transactions and have various kinds of relationships 
with related parties. As at 30 June 2023, the incidence of transactions with related parties in relation to 
balance sheet items was almost entirely attributable to transactions concluded with the MEF - mainly 
related to the purchase of government bonds - and the latter’s its subsidiaries and/or associates. 
Although the Group continuously applies the safeguards aimed at managing conflicts of interest 
provided for in the Bank's Procedure for Related Party Transactions, there is, however, no certainty that, 
if such transactions had been concluded with third parties, the latter would have negotiated and 
entered into the relevant contracts, or executed the same transactions, under the same conditions and 
in the same manner. 
Transactions with related parties present the typical risks associated with transactions that take place 
between parties whose ownership or otherwise proximity to the Issuer and/or its decision-making 
structures could compromise the objectivity and impartiality of decisions on such transactions.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
For further information with respect to transactions with related parties, please also see the section 
“Related-party transactions” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report. 
3. 
Risk factors related to environmental, social and governance factors 
3.1. 
Risks related to the Group's key figures and the Group's ability to retain or attract certain 
professional skills 
The Group's results and the future success of its activities depend to a significant extent on the Group's 
ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel with considerable experience in the business 
sectors in which the Group operates, as well as on the work of certain key figures, who, in view of their 
consolidated experience in the sector in which the Group operates, as well as their technical and 
professional skills, have contributed and continue to contribute significantly to the development of the 
Group's activities and its business strategies. 
In particular, the Issuer counts among the key figures within its Board of Directors and key managers 
the Managing Director Luigi Lovaglio and the members of the Management Committee. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in view of the regulations applicable to the Bank, its ability to 
attract and retain key personnel could be hindered by: 
(i) 
any limitations on remuneration (so-called "salary cap") imposed on the Issuer by the relevant 
authorities; 
(ii) 
the provisions pursuant to Part One, Title IV, Chapter 2, Section V of the supervisory provisions, 
for banks and banking groups benefiting from exceptional public interventions; in such cases, in 
fact, variable remuneration is strictly limited as a percentage of net operating income when it is 
not compatible with the maintenance of an adequate level of capitalization and with a timely exit 
from public support; moreover, no variable remuneration must be paid to corporate officers 
unless justified; 
(iii) 
the European Commission's Commitments published on 3 October 2022, pursuant to which, 
among other things, the Bank shall implement stringent executive compensation policies and the 
remuneration paid of any individual shall not exceed ten times the average remuneration of the 
Bank's employees in 2022. However, the remuneration of some personnel in key functions would 
not be subject to the above mentioned cap in case of fulfilment of the specific commitment on 
the disposal of the State participation. 
In fact, the aforementioned conditions could lead to a reduction in the Group's competitive capacity, 
hindering its ability to retain key personnel and undermining the activities, where necessary, of 
identifying, in a short time, equally qualified persons capable of replacing them and providing the same 
operational and professional contribution to the Issuer. The occurrence of the aforementioned 
circumstances could therefore lead to a slowdown in the Group's growth and development process, a 
reduction in the Group's competitive ability, and affect its achievement of its set objectives, with 
potential negative effects on its economic, equity and/or financial situation and/or prospects. 
4. 
Risk factors related to the legal and regulatory framework of the sector of business in which the 
Issuer and the Group operate 
4.1. 
Risks related to the entry into force of the new accounting standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
Contracts”

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
On 18 May 2017, the IASB issued the new accounting standard IFRS 17 governing the accounting 
treatment of insurance contracts, which was endorsed on 19 November 2021, with the publication of 
Regulation No. 2036/2021 in the Official Gazette. On 25 June 2020, the IASB published a number of 
amendments that, among other things, provided for postponement of the first application to 1 January 
2023. Compared to the previous IFRS 4 standard, which allowed insurance companies some discretion 
in identifying and measuring insurance assets and liabilities at the expense of comparability of financial 
statement disclosures, the new IFRS 17 standard introduces an integrated approach to accounting for 
insurance contracts, with the aim of ensuring relevant disclosures that faithfully represent the effects of 
insurance contracts on an entity's financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
Changes in the carrying amount of insurance contracts due to the transition to IFRS 17 will be 
accounted for as an offset to equity on 1 January 2023. 
The introduction of the new standard is indirectly relevant for the Group since, although it does not 
carry out insurance activities, it holds shareholdings in the capital of the associated insurance 
companies AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni SpA and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita Spa, which are 
consolidated in the Group Financial Statements with the equity method. Although the first time 
applications of the aformentioned standard had an impact on the valuation of the investment held by 
the Group in insurance companies, with a positive impact on the Group’s shareholders’equity from 1 
January 2023 of Euro 62.4 million, it cannot be ecluded that applications of such standard may in future 
have an impact on the Group’s shareholders’equity with potential impact on the economic, capital 
and/or financial condition of the Group.  
4.2. 
Risks associated with uncertainty about the future results of stress tests or asset quality review 
(AQR) exercises 
The SSM is responsible for the prudential supervision of all credit institutions in participating member 
states and ensures that the EU policy on the prudential supervision of credit institutions is implemented 
consistently and effectively and that credit institutions are subject to the highest quality of supervision. 
In this context, the ECB has been entrusted with specific prudential supervisory tasks over credit 
institutions by, among other things, providing for the possibility for credit institutions to conduct, 
where appropriate in coordination with the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), stress tests (supervisory 
stress tests) to ascertain whether the measures, strategies, processes and mechanisms put in place by 
credit institutions and the own funds they hold would enable sound risk management and hedging in 
dealing with future, but plausible, adverse events. The stress tests are designed to serve as inputs to 
the SREP: the outcome of the SREP could result in an additional own funds requirement, as well as other 
qualitative and quantitative measures. 
The EBA conducted an EU-wide stress test for 2021 aimed at assessing the resilience of the European 
banking sector, including the Group. The results were published at the end of July 2021 and are 
available on the EBA website.  
On 28 July 2023, the European banking Authority (EBA) announced the results of the 2023 EU-wide 
stress test in which Banca MPS was subject. Such test was conducted by the EBA, in cooperation with the 
European Central Bank and the European Systemic Risk Board. The adverse stress test scenario was set 
by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2023-2025). The stress test has been carried 
out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2022 and a number of constraints to 
the profit and loss accounts. The results, best ever in the Group’s stress test exercises, has confirmed 
the strong solidity achieved by the Group and its capability to generate sustainable profitability, proven 
also by the positive net results in years 2024 and 2025 even in the adverse scenario, considering the HR 
cost savings. For further information in such regard, please refer to the “Significant events after the end

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
of the first half of the year” paragraph of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and to the 
information set out in the 2023 Stress Test Press Release. 
In addition, the EBA, in cooperation with the relevant Supervisory Authorities, may in the future decide 
to recommend a new asset quality review (or "Asset Quality Review" or "AQR") on the most important 
European banks, including the Issuer, in order to verify the classifications and assessments they have 
made on their loans in order to address concerns related to deteriorating asset quality. Such an asset 
quality review exercise may, possibly, also be combined with an additional stress test conducted by the 
ECB as part of a new global assessment exercise. 
Given the impossibility of quantifying the impacts arising from the stress tests before the stress tests 
are conducted, there can be no assurance where the EBA and other relevant Supervisory Authorities 
conduct new comprehensive assessment exercises (or stress test exercises or asset quality review 
exercises) that the Issuer will meet the minimum parameters. In the event of bankruptcy, the Issuer 
could be subject to ECB measures that, among other things, could require the implementation of new 
capitalization actions or other appropriate measures to address the capital shortfalls found in the 
Bank's own funds, with potentially negative impact on the business and the economic, capital and/or 
financial condition of the Bank and/or the Group. 
4.3. 
Risks related to changes in banking and financial sector regulations and additional regulations 
to which the Group is subject 
The Group is subject to compliance with a complex set of regulations and supervision by, among 
others, the Bank of Italy, Consob and, from 4 November 2014, the ECB, which is entrusted, pursuant to 
the regulations establishing the SSM, with the task of, inter alia, ensuring the homogeneous application 
of the regulatory provisions of the Euro Area and is responsible for the prudential supervision of all 
"significant" credit institutions in the participating member states. Supervision by the aforementioned 
Authorities covers various areas of the Issuer's and the Group's activities and may concern, among other 
things, levels of liquidity, capital adequacy and leverage, regulations on transactions with related 
parties and connected persons, prevention and combating of money laundering, protection of privacy, 
transparency and fairness in customer relations, and reporting and record-keeping obligations. 
Any changes in the regulations, or even in the manner in which they are applied, as well as the 
eventuality that the Issuer and/or Group companies fail to ensure compliance with the applicable 
regulations, could result in adverse effects on the Bank's and/or Group's activities, assets, liabilities, 
and financial position, as well as on the products and services they offer. The impacts of the continuous 
evolution of the regulatory framework - including, but not limited to, the introduction of more stringent 
rules on exposures to Sovereign States and NPLs, the application of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB), the adoption of the Standardized Measurement Approach (SMA) for operational 
risks, the introduction of output floors for the reduction of benefits from internal models or the 
introduction of changes to the calculation of the capital requirement on credit risk (so-called 
"regulatory headwinds") represent elements of uncertainty with specific reference to the required 
capitalization profiles and, more generally, to the valuation parameters applied by supervisory bodies. 
With reference to the evolution of prudential supervision regulations, it should be noted that on 27 
October 2021, the European Commission adopted a new package of reforms aimed at the banking 
sector to further strengthen the resilience of banks (known as the "Banking Package 2021"), with the 
proposed transposition into CRR and Directive 36/2013/EU (“CRD”) of the final standards approved by 
the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, in relation to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market 
and operational) and the so-called "output floor" that aims to counter the possible underestimation of 
risk resulting from the use of banks' internal models. The Council agreed on its General Approach for 
the proposals on 8 November 2022. Interinstitutional negotiations (known as “trilogues”) with the

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
European Parliament started on 9 March 2023 and ended in the provisional agreement reached on 27 
June 2023. Once the approval process is completed, transposition of the directive will have to be carried 
out within 18 months from the date of publication in the EU Official Journal, while the new CRR 
provisions are expected to come into force from 1 January 2025 (with a five-year transitional 
arrangement), i.e. two years beyond the Basel-agreed deadline, which has already been deferred by one 
year in response to the pandemic crisis. 
In light of the ongoing banking reform, it cannot be ruled out that the changes to the prudential 
supervisory framework may lead to an increase in RWAs, resulting in the inability of the Issuer and the 
Group to meet the minimum capital adequacy requirements, with possible adverse effects on the 
Issuer's and the Group's capital, economic and financial situation that may necessitate the adoption of 
additional capital strengthening measures. 
In addition, it should be noted that as part of the EU-wide process of defining legislative measures 
aimed at supporting the development of sustainable finance, regulations and directives implementing 
MiFID II regulations have been, through delegated acts, amended with a view to encouraging the 
integration of sustainable investment profiles; if the Bank is unable to achieve timely compliance with 
the European regulations, it could be subject to measures and/or sanctions with possible negative 
impacts on its reputation, as well as on the Group's operating results and economic, capital and 
financial situation. 
Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to implement a systemic 
risk buffer has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) and there is 
uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet 
clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on the Issuer’s operations. 
The Issuer is also participated in by the MEF in an amount of 64.23% of the capital; for this reason at 
present it has a particularly extensive perimeter of related parties and connected persons whose 
management, due to the relative structure and breadth, constitutes a particularly heavy burden for the 
Issuer for the purposes of its application of the regulations on transactions with related parties and 
connected persons.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally; 
2. 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
3. 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
4. 
Risks related to the market generally. 
1. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
1.1. 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking 
pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations.  
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, after the service by the Representative of the Bondholders on 
the Issuer and on the Guarantor of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Guarantee would constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of the Bondholders to accelerate the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) 
and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Although certain of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool are originated by the Issuer, they are transferred to the Guarantor on a true 
sale basis and an insolvency of the Issuer would not automatically result in the insolvency of the 
Guarantor. 
1.2. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Joint-
Arrangers, the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer 
and, after the service by the Representative of the Bondholders of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
1.3. 
Extendible obligations under the Guarantee  
The Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee to pay the Guaranteed Amounts of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions until the Extended 
Maturity Date. Such deferral will occur automatically: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds (each such Series, a Pass Through Series) if (i) a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor as a result of 
the Issuer having failed to pay, in whole or in part, the Guaranteed Amounts on the Maturity 
Date for such Series of Covered Bonds and, on the relevant Extension Determination Date, the 
Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments, the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, or (ii) a

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the Issuer Event of Default referred to in 
paragraph (i) above) and, on the Maturity Date for such Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments, the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds, which all become Pass Through Series, if, on any 
Test Calculation Date following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (and, in case of 
a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as a result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
service of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), the Test Calculation Agent notifies, through the 
Test Performance Report, the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller and the Guarantor that 
the Amortisation Test is not met. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received a Guarantee Enforcement Notice insufficient time and has 
sufficient moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall 
make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments and as described in Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) and payment of all 
unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided 
that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension 
Determination Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
Guarantor Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date, in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. The Extended Maturity Date will fall 38 years after 
the Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting interest due 
on each Guarantor Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, except 
where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, 
failure by the Guarantor to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date (subject to any applicable grace period) (or such later date within the applicable grace period) shall 
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount on or the balance thereof or prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date and/or Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest on any Guarantor Payment 
Date will (subject to any applicable grace periods) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
1.4. 
Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative of the Bondholders to 
take enforcement action against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default; cancelling, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of 
principal or rescheduling payment dates; extending the Test Remedy Period; altering the priority of 
payments of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the Programme 
Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions, passed at a single 
meeting of all holders of Covered Bonds, regardless of Series. A Programme Resolution will bind all 
Bondholders, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme 
Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of 
Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary 
Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the holders of that other Series. 
Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of a Series shall bind all other 
holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting and whether they voted in 
favour of the relevant Resolution.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
In addition, the Representative of the Bondholders may agree to the modification of the Programme 
Documents without consulting the Bondholders to correct a manifest error or an error established as 
such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders or where such modification (i) is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law, 
including Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended and supplemented from time to time, 
and the relevant implementation or (ii) in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders is 
expedient to make, is not or will not be materially prejudicial to Bondholders of any Series or Tranche.  
It shall also be noted that after the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the protection and 
exercise of the Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Bondholders may only be 
exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. In addition, after the 
delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Bondholders' rights against the 
Guarantor and the security under the Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the 
Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Bondholder to commence proceedings 
against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Bondholders the power to determine in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Bondholders, whether any Bondholder may commence 
any such individual actions. 
1.5. 
Representative of the Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds and the Other Guarantor 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
these interests the Representative of the Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the 
Bondholders. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may not act on behalf of the Seller. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the 
Representative of the Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of any one or more Series or Tranche would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative 
of the Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of 
such holders of the Covered Bonds by Extraordinary Resolution or by a direction in writing of such 
holders of the Covered Bonds of at least 75 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series or Tranche then outstanding. 
1.6. 
Priority of Payments 
Should any swap counterparty have its registered office in United Kingdom or United States of America, 
it is to be considered that the validity of contractual priorities of payments such as those contemplated 
in this transaction has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to 
the insolvency of a secured creditor (in that case a hedging counterparty) and have considered whether 
such payment priorities breach the "antideprivation" principle under English and U.S. insolvency law. 
This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon 
its insolvency. It was argued that where a secured creditor subordinates itself to bondholders in the 
event of its insolvency, that secured creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court 
of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. 2011 UK SC 38 unanimously upheld the 
decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding the validity of similar 
priorities of payment, stating that, provided that such provisions form part of a commercial transaction 
entered into in good faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main purposes

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
the deprivation of the property of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was 
not breached by such provisions. 
In parallel proceedings in New York, Judge Peck of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of 
New York granted Lehman Brothers Special Finance Inc.'s ("LBSF") motion for summary judgement on the 
basis that the effect was that the provisions infringed the antideprivation principle in a U.S. insolvency. 
Judge Peck acknowledged that this resulted in the U.S. courts coming to a decision "directly at odds with 
the judgement of the English Courts". In New York, whilst leave to appeal was granted, the case was 
settled before an appeal was heard. 
This is an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority issue is 
considered largely resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and the U.S. 
courts may diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S. may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds. 
There remains the issue whether in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor 
located in a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of 
the foreign insolvency proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any 
similar common law principles. Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of 
continued judicial focus particularly in respect of multijurisdictional insolvencies. 
Additionally, there can be no assurance as to how such subordination provisions would be viewed in 
other jurisdictions such as Italy or whether they would be upheld under the insolvency laws of any such 
relevant jurisdiction. If a subordination provision included in the Programme Documents was 
successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction and any relevant foreign 
judgement or order was recognised by the Italian courts, there can be no assurance that these actions 
would not adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders, the rating of the Covered Bonds, the market 
value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy all or any of its obligations under 
the Covered Bonds. 
1.7. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The ratings that may be assigned by Moody's to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss posed to 
the Bondholders following a default. The ratings that may be assigned by Fitch to the Covered Bonds 
incorporate both an indication of the probability of default and the probability of recovery following a 
default of such debt instrument. The ratings that may be assigned by DBRS to the Covered Bonds 
evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors when assigning ratings. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bonds will be treated as having been 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and 
registered or certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the Rating 
Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to 
provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds. As a result, 
the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
under the EU CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
1.8. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds (in which case one or more Tranche of Covered Bonds will form part of such Series) or have 
different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will 
share in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Following the service on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all monies to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become Due for Payment 
subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments. In such circumstances, the Issuer will only be entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor 
of interest, Premium and repayment of principal under the Term Loans granted, from time to time, 
pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all amounts due under the Guarantee in respect of 
the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have otherwise been provided for. Following the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bonds will become immediately due and repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim against the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any 
interest accrued in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds, and any Guarantor Available Funds will be distributed according to the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely 
affect existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
any Term Loan granted by the Issuer and/or any Additional Seller(s) to the Guarantor under 
the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements, may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as 
consideration for the acquisition of Eligible Assets from the Principal Seller, or any Additional 
Seller(s) pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement; (ii) in certain specific circumstances and in respect of the Floating 
Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan, for the purpose of reimbursing (also in part) 
any Term Loan for an amount equal to the Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
and (iii) to credit on the Reserve Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, sufficient 
to remedy a breach of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; and  
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test (or, 
following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Amortisation Test) and the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date or, as applicable, 
Quarterly Test Calculation Date (when required by Programme Documents) in order to ensure 
that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee; and

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
(c) 
on or prior to the date of issue of any further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
will be obliged within the limits of the criteria of the relevant Rating Agency from time to time 
involved, to obtain a Rating Agency confirmation.  
1.9. 
Controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require certain controls to be performed by the Issuer aimed at, inter alia, 
mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not 
complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in 
compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such 
compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly 
implement the respective policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuers' or the 
Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
1.10. Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are 
based on Italian law and, in the case of the Swap Agreements, English law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English 
law or administrative practice or to the law applicable to any Programme Document and to 
administrative practices in the relevant jurisdiction or that any such change will not negatively impact 
the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds. Except to the extent that any 
such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus containing a material 
mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such 
changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European 
Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
“Regulation”).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce 
standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, 
the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered 
bonds eligible for favourable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the regulation 
and treatment of covered bonds across Member States. The Regulation applies from 8 July 2022.  
On 10 February 2022, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation amending liquidity 
coverage rules for covered bond issuers amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the “LCR 
Delegated Regulation”) to supplement the CRR on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) requirements. The 
LCR Delegated Regulation is applicable since 8 July 2022 to all credit institutions, including those 
issuing covered bonds, and it permits credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the cover 
pool liquidity buffer as unencumbered up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated 
covered bond programme. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has 
entered into force. It delegated the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 
2019/2162.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 
190/2021, which designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of 
the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of Title I-bis 
of Law 130, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, 
the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting 
from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended 
on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the 
definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures 
for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions establishing new issuance programmes and the 
interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 
2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks that qualify for credit quality step 3 to act as counterparties of a 
derivative contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did 
not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower 
the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty of the recent amendments to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus possible 
uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to 
be reflected, according to the provisions of the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders, in the 
Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be 
compliant with Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. Prospective investors should therefore inform 
themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to 
their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be 
no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction 
described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or 
regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered 
Bonds. 
1.11. Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult 
their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base 
Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Bondholders, as the case 
may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay an additional amount pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) 
subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders or to gross up in relation 
to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. As a result, investors may receive 
amounts that are less than expected. Perspective investors should therefore be aware of the potential 
negative result of such lack of gross-up or compensation by the Issuer and the Guarantor on the 
expected amounts to be received by the Bondholders.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation".  
1.12. Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and further amended to allow for the issuance of covered 
bonds in 2005. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as 
it relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, 
except for Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013) as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”) 
concerning guidelines on, among others, the valuation of assets, controls required to ensure compliance 
with the legislation, the liquidity reserve and the requirements for applying for the “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)” label.  
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating to 
Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Any changes of the rules and/or changes of the interpretation and/or 
implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and 
obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer and of the Programme.  
Furthermore, Law 130 has been amended by legislative decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the 
“Decree 190/2021”), which transposed into the Italian legal framework Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and 
designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, 
which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as 
amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions 
of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended 
on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the 
definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures 
for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes and 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 
2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit quality step 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative 
contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did 
not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower 
the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
Consequently, given the novelty recent amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations and Law 130, it is 
possible that the issuance of further guidelines or implementing regulations relating to Law 130 and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations, or the interpretation thereof, may have an impact which cannot be predicted 
by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In this respect please make reference also to risk 
factor “Changes of law”. Furthermore, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme before the publication of the Decree 190/2021, it is uncertain to assess the possible 
impacts which Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, as recently amended, may have.  
1.13. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common of these features: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies 
that the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Covered Bonds 
at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. Further, during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in the 
likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds, the price of the Covered Bonds may 
also be adversely impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds bearing no interest, which may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond may experience 
price volatility in response to changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon 
Covered Bonds tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
(c) 
Amortising Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue amortising Covered Bonds with a predefined, prescheduled amortisation 
schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer will pay, at each Interest Payment Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, a portion of principal until maturity. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to 
effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
1.14. Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered 
Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any taxing jurisdiction (as referred to in Condition 
11 (Taxation)), as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any taxing 
jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series of the Covered 
Bonds and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. In 
such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
1.15. Floating rate risks 
Investment in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk for the Bondholders of fluctuating interest 
rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
1.16. Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate 
index "benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU's Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for benchmarks 
to be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the 
quality and transparency of benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 
on the status of the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the 
benchmarks industry is in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the future, 
but that it is too early to determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there has been a 
significant market reaction to the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread 
efforts being made to implement the IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of administrators 
surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the Benchmarks Regulation. The 
Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 
30 June 2016. Subject to various transitional provisions, the Benchmarks Regulation applies from 1 
January 2018, except that the regime for 'critical' benchmarks has applied from 30 June 2016 and 
certain amendments to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) have applied from 3 
July 2016. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of 
input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) 
require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as 
EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity 
and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which 
are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered Bonds), financial contracts and 
investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Covered Bonds linked to a 
"benchmark" index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any 
applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, 
depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Covered Bonds 
could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such 
changes could have the effect of reducing, increasing or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark", and could lead to adjustments to the 
terms of the Covered Bonds, including determination by the Guarantor Calculation Agent of 
the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro riskfree 
rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro shortterm 
rate (“€STR”) as the new risk free rate for the area euro. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of 
guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. Actually, although EURIBOR 
has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to system how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and 
to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to 
perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation 
of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The 
new framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as 
critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might 
significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the 
designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with 
respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of 
third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission, on 14 July 2023, adopted a delegated act 
(which, as of the date of this Prospectus, has not yet been published in the Official Journal) under the

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
Benchmarks Regulation in order to extend this period until 2025. On 10 February 2021 the Council of 
the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 
12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day.  
The potential elimination of any "benchmark", or changes in the manner of administration of any 
"benchmark", could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, 
in respect of any Covered Bonds referencing such "benchmark". The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
"benchmarks", (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks", 
and/or (iii) leading to the discontinuance, unavailability or disappearance of certain "benchmarks".  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a benchmark.  
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if the Issuer determines that the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to be published on the relevant Screen 
Page, or a Benchmark Disruption Event occur (even if the rate continues to be published), when any Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of 
determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as further described in Condition 7 
(Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer may determine 
the replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Reference Rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest 
for Covered Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered Bonds. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained 
available in its current form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if 
the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its 
discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while 
any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer 
of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bonds may 
not do so and may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
1.17. European Covered Bond (Premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Law 130, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are in compliance with Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and the CRR, and the Cover Pool 
comprises only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 
3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under Law 130 and the CRR, investors 
should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the 
applicable regulatory framework at the time when the relevant investment is made and at any time 
thereafter. No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool 
(including, without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any 
label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds 
are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether 
Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to maintain such label even 
after their issuance. 
2. 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
2.1. 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are Due for Payment 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay any Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, which may be delivered after the occurrence of (i) an Issuer Event of 
Default or (ii) a Resolution Event, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds by the relevant payment date. Such provision complies with Article 5 of the Directive (EU) 
2019/2162, pursuant to which the payment obligations attached to Covered Bonds are not subject to 
automatic acceleration (which would be the case if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered) upon the 
insolvency or resolution of the Issuer. Following service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, under the terms of the Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same are Due for Payment, provided that, in the case of any 
amounts representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original 
Maturity Date, the Guarantor may pay such amounts in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments on any Guarantor Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. 
Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as applicable. In such circumstances, the 
Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds which become 
payable for any other reason.  
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment under the 
Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of the Bondholders 
will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee by service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Bondholders will have a claim under the Guarantee for an 
amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts. Following service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
due from the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, and Bondholders will receive amounts from the Guarantor on 
an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds 
may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
In accordance with article 7-bis of Law 130, prior to and following a winding up of the Guarantor and an 
Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default causing the Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the 
Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively available for the purpose of satisfying the 
obligations owed to the Bondholders, to the Other Guarantor Creditors and to any other creditors 
exclusively in satisfaction of the transaction costs of the Programme. The Cover Pool may not be seized 
or attached in any form by creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, until full 
discharge by the Guarantor of its payment obligations under the Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
2.2. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Bondholders and shall procure the payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment. The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Guarantee will depend on (a) the amount of interest and principal generated by the Cover Pool 
and the timing thereof, (b) amounts received from the Swap Providers and (c) the proceeds of any 
Eligible Investments. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its 
obligations under the Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of enforcement may 
not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the Bondholders. If, following 
enforcement and realization of the assets in the Cover Pool, creditors have not received the full amount 
due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, then they may still have an unsecured 
claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds 
to pay that shortfall. 
Each Other Guarantor Creditor has undertaken in the Intercreditor Agreement not to petition or 
commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join any such petition or proceedings) 
against the Guarantor at least until one year and one day after the date on which all Series and Tranches 
of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
2.3. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to 
perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Principal Servicer has been 
appointed, and upon accession to the Programme, each Additional Servicer will be appointed to carry 
out the administration, management, collection and recoveries activities relating to the Eligible Assets 
comprised in the relevant Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and (i) the Issuer has been appointed as Pre-
Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent for any calculations in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset 
Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement to be performed during the period prior to a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice; (ii) the Guarantor Calculation Agent has been appointed as Post-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent for any calculation in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation 
Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement to be performed during the period following a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice.  
In the event that any of these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to 
which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realization 
(if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Principal Servicer and/or any Additional

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
Servicer(s) has failed to administer the Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to higher incidences of 
non-payment or default by Borrowers. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap Providers to provide it 
with the funds matching its obligations under the Guarantee, as described in the following two 
investment considerations. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of 
the Servicer and appoint a new servicer in its place. In addition, the Servicer may resign from the Master 
Servicing Agreement, within 12 months from the relevant Execution Date, by giving not less than a 6 
months prior written notice to the Representative of the Bondholders, the Rating Agencies, the Asset 
Swap Provider and Joint-Arrangers. There can be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient 
experience of administering mortgages of residential or commercial properties would be found who 
would be willing and able to carry out the administration, management, collection and recovery 
activities relating to the Eligible Assets on the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement. The ability of a 
substitute servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, inter alia, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a 
substitute servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if the Borrowers fail to make any payments in a 
timely fashion. Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Servicer under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the Servicer or the 
Additional Servicer (as the case may be) or to monitor the performance by the Servicer or the Additional 
Servicer (as the case may be) of its obligations. 
2.4. 
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Programme Documents who receive and hold monies pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Italian Account Bank or the Principal Servicer and, upon accession to the 
Programme, each Additional Servicer(s)) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order to continue to 
receive and hold such monies. 
These criteria include, inter alia, requirements in relation to the short-term and long-term, 
unguaranteed and unsecured ratings ascribed to such party by the Rating Agencies. If the party 
concerned ceases to satisfy the ratings criteria, then the rights and obligations of that party (including 
the right or obligation to receive monies, or to effect payments, on behalf of the Guarantor) may be 
required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In these 
circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those agreed 
with the original party pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant 
Programme Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including 
the applicable criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent 
of Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers. 
2.5. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To mitigate possible variations in the performance of the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may, but it is not 
obliged to, enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements with one or more Asset Swap Providers. In 
addition, to mitigate interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Guarantor may, but it is not obliged, to enter into one 
or more Covered Bond Swap Agreements with one or more Covered Bond Swap Providers in respect of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
A Swap Provider is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the 
relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap 
Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged 
to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by 
the Guarantor. 
If a Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments 
of under the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes in the relevant 
currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or to the 
performance of the Cover Pool. In addition, subject to the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds not 
being adversely affected, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the possible risk and, in such 
circumstances, may have insufficient funds to meet its payment obligations, including under the 
Covered Bonds or the Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to 
the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with an 
adequately rated counterparty, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of such replacement swap 
provider will remain sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade by the Rating Agencies of the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds. In addition, the Swap Agreements may provide that notwithstanding the 
downgrading of a Swap Provider and the failure by such Swap Provider to take the remedial action set 
out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the Swap Agreement until a 
replacement swap provider has been found. 
Following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, payments (other than principal payments) by 
the Guarantor (including any termination payment) under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements and Asset 
Swap Agreements will rank pari passu and pro rata to interest amounts due on the Covered Bonds under 
the Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability 
of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee. 
2.6. 
Differences in timings of obligations under the Covered Bond Swaps 
It is expected that pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will pay on each 
quarterly Guarantor Payment Date, a floating rate option such as, for Series or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds denominated in Euro, a floating rate linked to EURIBOR. Each Covered Bond Swap Provider is 
expected to make corresponding swap payments to the Guarantor on the Interest Payment Date of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, which could be monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual. 
Due to the mismatch in timing of payments under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, on many 
Guarantor Payment Dates, the Guarantor will be required to make a payment to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider without receiving a payment in return and therefore there can be no netting of payments 
except on the date when the Covered Bond Swap Provider is required to make a payment to the 
Guarantor. 
2.7. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee, to the extent that the Guarantor is 
required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of 
any kind imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor 
will not be under an obligation to pay any additional amounts to Bondholders, irrespective of whether 
such withholding or deduction arises from existing legislation or its application or interpretation as at

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
the relevant Issue Date or from changes in such legislation, application or official interpretation after the 
Issue Date. 
2.8. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult 
their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base 
Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges for the account of the Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders. 
2.9. 
VAT Group 
Italian Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the "2017 Budget Law") has introduced new VAT rules 
allowing groups to act as a single taxable person for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 
70-duodecies of Presidential Decree No. 633 of 26 October 1972) and which, if so elected by the group 
head, applies from 1 January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, all entities included in the relevant VAT 
group are jointly and severally liable to the Italian Tax Authority for any VAT payments due by all 
members of the VAT group. 
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued circular No. 19/E ("Circular letter No. 19/2018") 
specifying that funds, as pools of segregated assets, would be liable only for the VAT payment 
obligations specifically relating to their assets. Although reasonable, it is unclear whether the same 
limitation would apply also to the assets held by a covered bond guarantor in the case of non-payment 
of VAT by any other member of its VAT group. 
The Group has opted into the new VAT regime introduced by the 2017 Budget Law in respect of the 
Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) with effect from 1 January 2019. Pending further clarifications 
on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has submitted a ruling application to the Italian 
Tax Authority with the effect of excluding the Guarantor from the VAT group regime. 
However, on 15 November 2019, the Italian Tax Authority issued an official answer to the ruling request 
No. 487 specifying that the interpretation expressed with regard to the funds in the Circular Letter No. 
19/2018 applies also with respect to covered bond guarantors, being also their pools of assets 
segregated by law with the sole aim of servicing payments due to the covered bondholders. 
As a consequence, segregated pools of assets of covered bond guarantors included in an Italian VAT 
group are deemed to be liable only for the portion of VAT, interest and penalties – due in case of audit 
or assessment – which arise in connection with the management of such pools of assets. 
However, no assurance can be given as to any different interpretation and or provision to be issued in 
the future by the Italian Tax Authority, which could require the Guarantor to incur in costs, expenses, 
losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties and other charges as a result of its participation in the VAT 
group. Such circumstance could negatively affect the ability of the Guarantor to comply with its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the transaction documents. 
3. 
Risks related to the underlying 
3.1. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to 
make payments under the Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of certain Issuer Event of Default and the corresponding service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of the Eligible Assets

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee) by: 
• 
default by Borrowers in the payment of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
• 
sale of the Eligible Assets; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; 
• 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
• 
usury Law;  
• 
compounding interest;  
• 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being unenforceable; 
• 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory  
authorities; 
• 
status of real estate market in the areas of operation of the Issuer; and 
• 
limited recourse to the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Asset Coverage Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended 
to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the 
Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is 
no assurance) that assets comprised in the Cover Pool could be realised for sufficient values to enable 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
3.2. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The 
Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence 
mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of 
interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional 
economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of 
financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Other 
factors in borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of borrowers 
to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an 
increase in default by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on 
the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for 
that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Defaulted Receivables will be subject to the effectiveness of 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Cover Pool which in Italy can take a considerable time 
depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on several other factors, 
including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of the Mortgage 
Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land 
registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further 
time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant 
Debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
years from the time lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set 
for the forced sale of any Real Estate Asset. 
Law number 302 of 3 August 1998 allowed notaries, accountants and lawyers to conduct certain stages 
of the enforcement procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of enforcement 
proceedings by between two and three years. 
3.3. 
Sale of the Eligible Assets following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice 
Following a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Eligible 
Assets (selected on a random basis) included in the Cover Pool (the "Selected Assets") in order to make 
payments to the Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Guarantee, see 
"Description of the Programme Documents - Cover Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire the Selected Assets at the times required and 
there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be obtained for such Selected Assets, 
which may affect payments under the Guarantee. 
In any case, after the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice the Guarantor (or the Principal Servicer 
on behalf of the Guarantor) shall use its best efforts to sell the Selected Assets in an amount as close as 
possible to the amount necessary to (i) redeem in full the Pass Through Series and/or the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds (if maturing in the next succeeding six months), and (ii) to pay any interest 
amount due in respect of the Covered Bonds, net of any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Programme Accounts, provided that: (A) prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets, the 
Amortisation Test is complied with; and (B) the Guarantor and the Portfolio Manager shall use their best 
effort to sell the Selected Assets, at the first attempt, at a price that ensures that the ratio between the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool and the Principal Amount Outstanding of all 
Series of Covered Bonds remains unaltered or is improved following the sale of the relevant Selected 
Assets and repayment of the Pass Through Series and/or Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (as the case 
may be). 
If the proceeds of the sale of Selected Assets raised on the first attempt are insufficient to pay the 
amounts referred to above, the Guarantor shall repeat its attempt to sell Selected Assets every sixth 
months thereafter until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds 
have been redeemed in full and (ii) the date on which a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered. 
If, on any Test Calculation Date following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (and, in case of 
a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as a result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the service of an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice), the Test Calculation Agent notifies, through the Test Performance Report, 
the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller and the Guarantor that the Amortisation Test is not met, the 
Guarantor shall use its best effort (but shall not be obliged) to sell all Eligible Assets included in the 
Cover Pool, on a semi-annual basis starting from the date falling 30 calendar days after the date of the 
relevant Test Performance Report, provided that the proceeds of the sale (net of any costs connected 
thereto), together with any amount standing to the credit of the Accounts, are sufficient to redeem in 
full the Pass Through Series. For further details, see section headed "Disposal of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice and the breach of 
the Amortisation Test". 
3.4. 
Liquidation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then 
the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Guarantee and use the proceeds 
from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" described in the section entitled "Cashflows" below.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of the liquidation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds 
and the Programme Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the 
Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
3.5. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the relevant Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the relevant Seller will have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the Guarantor by 
the relevant Seller, but originated by a person other than the relevant Seller (a "Third Party Originator"), 
will have been originated in accordance with the lending criteria of such Third Party Originator at the 
time of origination. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the 
Issuer will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance 
with the Issuer's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans as 
were originated by a Third Party Originator, were originated in accordance with the relevant Third Party 
Originator's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Issuer retains the right to revise its 
lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. Other 
Third Party Originators may additionally revise their lending criteria at any time. However, if such 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may 
lead to increased defaults by Borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. However, Defaulted Receivables having 
Instalments not paid for more than 180 calendar days in the Cover Pool will be given a zero weighting 
for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
3.6. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment 
becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of the publication of the 
notice of assignment in the Official Gazette, and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment 
in the local Companies' Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct 
rights of the Debtors against the Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including rights of set-
off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the local 
Companies' Registry, having a negative impact on its recoveries and, therefore, its ability to make 
payments under the Guarantee. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by Debtors may adversely 
affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee.  
Moreover, further to certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130, it is now expressly provided by Law 
130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis 
the Sellers after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of 
Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
3.7. 
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law, lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than those deemed 
to be usurious (the "Usury Rates"). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a decree issued by the 
Italian Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans 
executed prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, Italian Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001 ("Law 
24/2001") provides (by means of interpreting the provisions of the Usury Law) that an interest rate is 
usurious if it is higher than the relevant limit in force at the time at which such interest rate is promised 
or agreed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. A few commentators and

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
debatable lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle set out in Law 24/2001, if 
interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury limit (and thus, not usurious) 
were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should 
nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme Court (Corte di 
Cassazione), under decision No. 24675 of 19 October 2017, rejected such interpretation and it clarified 
that only the moment of execution of the agreement is relevant to verify if the interest rate is usurious 
in the mortgage loans with fixed interest rate. In the last years, a number of objection have been raised 
on the basis of the excess of the usury limit from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory 
rate, based on the erroneous interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di 
Cassazione) no. 350 of 2013 that the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an 
interest rate is usurious. Such interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other 
objections raised in the last years are based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, the sole 
default interest exceeding the usury limit or making reference to additional components (such as 
penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts have not reached an unanimous 
position. 
In addition to the above and according to certain court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di 
Cassazione), the remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from 
time to time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a 
breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the 
time the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any 
point in time thereafter. 
Finally, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 
September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also 
default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the 
Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of 
rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire 
amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
3.8. 
Compounding interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian 
Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary 
practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally 
capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice. However, a number of recent judgements from Italian courts 
(including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) have held that such 
practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently, if Debtors were to challenge this 
practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be upheld before other 
courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans may be 
prejudiced. Therefore, potential investors should be aware of the potential negative impact of 
application by the merits courts of such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code on the recoveries and 
cash flows of the Issuer. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 342 of 4 
August 1999 (“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest 
(anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. 
After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms established

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision 
No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under 
the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by 
banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest 
shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the 
principal amount. On 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of 
the Consolidated Banking Act, has been published. Given the absence of any jurisprudential 
interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and may have a potential negative impact on the Portfolio. Indeed, if Debtors were to 
challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian civil code would be upheld 
before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage 
Loans may be prejudiced. The occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and 
recoveries of the Guarantor with a negative impact of its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee. 
3.9. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the Cover 
Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of 
the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor's assets may decrease (for example 
if there is a general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or 
guarantee that the value of a Real Estate Asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the 
origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy 
experiences an overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly 
reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to the Bondholders if such security is required to be 
enforced. 
3.10. 
Limits to Integration 
The integration of the Cover Pool through Eligible Assets shall be carried out in accordance with the 
modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations (see "Description of Certain 
Relevant Legislation in Italy - Substitution of Assets"). 
More specifically, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose 
of complying with (a) the Tests in accordance with Law 130 and (b) the overcollateralisation 
requirements as set forth by the Bank of Italy Regulations in accordance with article 129 of CRR.  
Investors should note that Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the Bank 
of Italy Regulations and specified above. 
3.11. 
Mortgage borrower protection  
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant applicable 
laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without 
incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the substitution 
(portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-owners to 
suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum 
aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating 
to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the automatic suspension of instalment payments of

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both individuals and businesses, in certain 
municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws and regulations.  
The legislations as described above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on 
any cash flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the overcollateralisation required in 
order to maintain the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. However, the Asset Coverage Test has 
been structured in such a way to attribute different weight to Receivables arising from Mortgage Loan as 
better described in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. To the extent any underweight in respect of 
the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool could lead to a breach of Tests, 
the Issuer will be required to sell to the Guarantor subsequent portfolios of Eligible Assets in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Management Agreement and the Master Assets Purchase Agreement in order to 
remedy such breach, see "Description of Certain Relevant Legislation in Italy". However upon occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default a massive adhesion to such payment holidays may adversely affect the 
cashflows deriving from the Cover Pool and as a consequence the repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
3.12. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool  
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Principal Seller has agreed (and the 
Additional Seller(s) upon their accession to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement) to transfer New 
Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase New Portfolios in order to ensure 
that the Cover Pool is in compliance with (i) prior to delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and (ii) following 
delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and 
the Amortisation Test. The Initial Portfolio Purchase Price was funded through the proceeds of the Term 
Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement between the Guarantor and BMPS and the New 
Portfolio Purchase Price will be funded through (A) (i) any Guarantor Available Funds available in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments; (ii) to the extent the Guarantor 
Available Funds are not sufficient to pay the relevant New Portfolio Purchase Price, the proceeds of a 
Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreements, for an amount equal to the portion of the 
New Portfolio Purchase Price not paid in accordance with item (i); (B) in certain circumstances, entirely by 
means of a Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreements. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the 
Additional Seller(s) will undertake upon their accession to the Cover Pool Management Agreement) to 
ensure that on each Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is in compliance with (i) prior to delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement and (ii) following delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Mandatory Tests, the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Amortisation Test. If on any Test Calculation Date, the Cover Pool 
is not in compliance with the relevant Tests, then the Guarantor will require the Principal Seller and/or 
the Additional Seller to grant further Term Loans for the purposes of funding the purchase of New 
Portfolios, Eligible Assets, representing an amount sufficient to allow the relevant Tests to be met on the 
next following Test Calculation Date. If the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Mandatory Tests or 
the Asset Coverage Test on the next following Test Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of 
the Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if on any Test Calculation Date, the relevant 
Tests are subsequently satisfied, unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding 
and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to serve a Breach of 
Tests Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the relevant Tests are not 
met on, or prior to, the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test Remedy Period, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, unless a Programme Resolution is passed resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms 
of the Tests, that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and 
after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee. Failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Test Calculation Date 
following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice will cause all Covered Bonds becoming 
immediately Pass Through Series.  
Pursuant the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter entered on 18 June 2010 by and between the Issuer and 
the Asset Monitor, the Asset Monitor has agreed to perform, in accordance with Article 7-sexiesdecies 
of Law 130, certain procedures relating, inter alia, to the control of (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility 
criteria set out under Article 7-novies of Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the 
CRR with respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the internal 
limits to the transfer of Eligible Assets set out under Article 7-novies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by the Issuer with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the compliance with 
the limits set out under Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of Law 130 and Article 129, paragraph 1, 
letter (a) of the CRR; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap 
Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Portfolio according to article 7-octies of Law 130; (vi) the correct application and 
notification of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required by Article 7-
terdecies of Law 130; and (vii) the completeness, correctness and the timely delivery of the information 
provided to investors pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
See further "Description of the Programme Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement".  
3.13. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Eligible Assets in the 
Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, 
for instance: 
• 
the Issuer, or any Additional Seller(s), selling further Eligible Assets (or types of Eligible 
Assets, which are of a type that have not previously been comprised in the Cover Pool) to the 
Guarantor; and 
• 
the Issuer, or any Additional Seller(s), repurchasing or substituting Eligible Assets in 
accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
However, each Eligible Asset will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria and to conform with the 
representations and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement — see "Description of 
the Programme Documents — Warranty and Indemnity Agreement". In addition, the Asset Coverage Test 
is intended to ensure that the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount is an amount equal to or in excess of 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding and the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent will provide monthly reports that will set 
out certain information in relation to the Asset Coverage Test. 
Nonetheless, the main composition details of the Cover Pool are available on the Issuer's website 
(www.mps.it) by the publication of the Payments Report and updated on a quarterly basis pursuant to 
the Bank of Italy Regulations.  
3.14. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Joint-Arrangers, any Dealer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Bondholders has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the 
Eligible Assets or other Receivables. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the Common Criteria, the 
Specific Criteria, the Additional Criteria and the relevant representations and warranties given by the

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
relevant Seller(s) and, upon accession to the Programme, each Additional Seller(s), in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach of 
representation or warranty is for the relevant Seller(s) to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in 
respect of losses arising from such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right to 
retransfer the Eligible Assets in respect of which a breach of the representation or warranty has occurred 
which were previously assigned to it by the relevant Seller in accordance with the terms and conditions 
set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such obligations are not guaranteed by nor will they 
be the responsibility of any person other than the relevant Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the 
Representative of the Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the event that the relevant 
Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement the assets which are not Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool are 
excluded by the calculation of the Tests on the Portfolio and in case of breach of a Test due to such 
exclusion, either the Principal Seller and/or the Additional Seller(s) or, failing the latter to do so, the 
Issuer are obliged to integrate the Cover Pool. 
3.15. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the relevant Seller if Eligible 
Assets and their related Security Interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a  
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds, sell the Eligible Assets and their related Security Interests included in the Cover Pool, 
subject to a right of pre-emption granted to the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement and of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. In respect of any sale of 
Eligible Assets and their related Security Interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not 
provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such Eligible Assets and related Security Interests 
and there is no assurance that the relevant Seller would give or repeat any warranties or representations 
in respect of the Eligible Assets and related Security Interests or if it has not consented to the transfer of 
such warranties or representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the relevant 
Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolios may not have value for a third party purchaser if 
the relevant Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realizable value of the Eligible 
Assets and related Security Interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and 
warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under 
the Guarantee. Claw-back of the sales of the Receivables assignments executed under Law 130 are 
subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 166, paragraph 1, of the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code applies but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the relevant Seller is 
made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the Cover Pool) or, in 
cases where article 166 (i.e. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by the bankrupt party 
exceed by more than one-fourth the consideration received or promised), within six months of the 
covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the Cover Pool).  
4. 
Risks related to the market generally 
4.1. 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and 
there can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the United 
States of America or registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the 
resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under "Subscription and Sale". If an active or liquid 
secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide 
Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Bondholder may not be able to find a 
buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Bondholder to realise a desired

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
yield. If, therefore, a market does develop, it may not be very liquid, and investors may not be able to 
sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for bonds that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
4.2. 
Exchange Rate Risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease; (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds, and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
4.3. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) it can legally invest in Covered Bonds (ii) Covered Bonds can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and "repurchase" arrangements and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered 
Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents, 
which have been previously published, or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus or 
filed with the CSSF, together, in each case, with the audit reports (if any) thereon: 
(a) 
the press release of the Issuer headed "Completion of the share capital increase of euro 2.5 
billion with the full subscription of the new shares" and published on 4 November 2022, which 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/cle/clean_pr_closing-press-release--eng-.pdf; 
(b) 
the press release of the Issuer headed "Business Plan 2022 – 2026 “A clear and simple 
commercial bank”" and published on 23 June 2022, which is available at the following link: 
https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/pr-/pr-23-06-2022-1.pdf; 
(c) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/_con/consolidated-half_yearly_report_2023.pdf); 
(d) 
the consolidated and separate audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2022, contained in the 2022 audited consolidated 
annual 
report 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/ann/annual-report-31-12-
2022.pdf);  
(e) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2021, contained in the 2021 audited consolidated annual report 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/ann/annual-report-gmps-20211.pdf); 
(f) 
the separate audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2021, 
contained 
in 
the 
2021 
audited 
separate 
annual 
report 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/ann/annual-report-bmps-2021.pdf); 
(g) 
the consolidated non-financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 
December 
2022 
(https://gruppomps.it/static/upload/dic/dichiarazione-non-finanziaria-
consolidata-20223-eng.pdf); 
(h) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022 
(mps-cb-financial-statement-fy22.pdf (gruppomps.it));  
(i) 
the auditors' report for the Guarantor for financial statements as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2022 (mps-covered-bond-srl_auditors-letter-pwc_final-report-fy22-eng.pdf 
(gruppomps.it));  
(j) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/mps/mps-cb-financial-statement-fy21.pdf);  
(k) 
the auditors' report for the Guarantor for financial statements as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2021 (mps-cb_opinion-31-12-2021-eng.pdf (gruppomps.it));  
(l) 
Terms and Conditions and Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders set out under the 
Prospectus 
approved 
on 
19 
January 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://gruppomps.it/static/upload/bas/base-prospectus-_2022-01-19.pdf.  
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save 
that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the Issuer's website (https://www.gruppomps.it/en/). This Base 
Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's web site (https://www.luxse.com/). 
The Issuer declares that only the English language versions, which represent a direct translation from 
the Italian language documents (including the audit reports), are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference List 
The following tables show, inter alia, the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (in respect of the Issuer and the Guarantor) that can be found in the above-mentioned 
financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Press release of the Issuer headed " Completion of the share capital 
increase of euro 2.5 billion with the full subscription of the new 
shares" and published on 4 November 2022 
Pages 
Entire document 
Press release of the Issuer headed "Business Plan 2022 – 2026 “A 
clear and simple commercial bank”" and published on 23 June 2022 
Page 
Entire document 
 
Issuer’s Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Report at 30 June 2023 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 
26 - 27 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 
28 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 
29 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 
30 - 31 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 
32 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
33 - 135 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 
137 - 138 
 
Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
2021 
2022 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 157 - 158 Pages 158 - 159 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 159 - 160 Page 160 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 161 
Page 161 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 162 - 163 Pages 162 - 163 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement 
Pages 164 - 165 Pages 164-165 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 166 - 591 Pages 166 - 591

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 569 - 582 Pages 569 - 582 
Issuer’s Audited Non-Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
2021 
2022 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 34 - 35 
Pages 623 - 624 
Income Statement 
Page 36 
Page 625 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 37 
Page 626 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 38 - 39 
Pages 627 - 628 
Cash Flows Statement  
Pages 40 - 41 
Pages 629 - 630 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 352 - 365 Pages 937 - 949 
Notes to the Separate Financial Statements 
Pages 42 - 431 
Pages 631 - 
1024 
 
Issuer’s consolidated non-financial statements  
2022 
Our Vision 
Pages 4 – 9 
Pages 20 – 25 
Page 27 
Our Identity 
Pages 28 - 47 
Our Approach 
Pages 48 - 146 
Pages 149 - 169 
Measurement 
Pages 170 - 204 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 230 - 231 
 
 
Guarantor Annual Financial Statements 
2021 
2022 
Directors’ Report on Operations 
Pages 3 – 12 
Pages 3 – 11 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 13 – 14 
Pages 12 – 13 
Income Statement 
Page 15 
Page 14 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 16 
Page 15 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 17 
Page 16 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 18 
Page 17 
Notes to the Separate Financial Statements 
Pages 19 – 46 
Pages 18 – 43 
 
Guarantor Independent Auditors’ Report as at 31 December 2021 
Entire Document 
Guarantor Independent Auditors’ Report as at 31 December 2022 
Entire Document

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the information not listed in the cross-reference 
lists above are not incorporated by reference and are either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms and Conditions the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders set out under the Prospectus 
approved on 19 January 2022 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information that can be found in the above-mentioned 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Prospectus approved on 19 January 2022 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders  
 
 
 
 
Pages 160 - 186 
Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds 
 
 
 
 
Pages 100 - 159 
The terms and conditions and the rules of the organisation of the bondholders set out under the base 
prospectus 
approved 
on 
19 
January 
2022 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://gruppomps.it/static/upload/bas/base-prospectus-_2022-01-19.pdf.  
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the information not listed in the cross reference 
list above are not incorporated by reference and are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Any document which is incorporated by reference into any of the documents incorporated in, and form 
part of, the Prospectus, shall not constitute a part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or 
financial position of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”, that is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or, as the case may be, publish a new Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by 
the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each 
of them, a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the 
"Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, bearer and dematerialised and 
evidenced by book entries with Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 
83-bis of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of 
Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter 
alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, 
these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Series or Tranche. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
covered bond programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €20,000,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) (the 
"Covered Bonds") guaranteed by MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). Covered 
Bonds are issued pursuant to Title I-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended, 
"Law 130"), which has implemented Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 
establishing a common framework for covered bonds, and regulations n. 285 issued by 
the Bank of Italy on 17 December 2013, as supplemented from time to time (the "Bank 
of Italy Regulations"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series or tranches (each, respectively, a 
"Series" or "Tranche"). Each Series or Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Guarantee: Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 
18 June 2010 (the "Guarantee") entered into between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due 
from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranches issued under 
the Programme. The Guarantee will be backed by the Cover Pool (as defined below). The 
recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the 
assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements: The Issuer and the Dealer(s) have 
agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche which may from time to time 
be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and 
in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made 
or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of a programme 
agreement (the "Programme Agreement") entered into, on 18 June 2010, between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Dealer(s). In 
addition, in relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds the Issuer, and the

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
relevant Dealer(s) will enter into a subscription agreement on or about the date of the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Subscription Agreement"). According to the terms of the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has the faculty to nominate any institution as a new 
Dealer in respect of the Programme or nominate any institution as a new Dealer only in 
relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions set out in the Programme Agreement. 
(e) 
Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Euronext 
Securities Milan (formerly, Monte Titoli S.p.A.) (the " Euronext Securities Milan Mandate 
Agreement"), Euronext Securities Milan has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain 
depository and administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds issued in bearer 
and dematerialised form.  
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement: In a master definitions agreement (the "Master 
Definitions Agreement") between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors (as defined below), 
the definitions of certain terms used in the Programme Documents have been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these 
Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms, but all references to "each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds" are 
to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each 
other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains 
outstanding from time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders: The rules of the organisation of 
bondholders (the "Rules") are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. 
References in these Conditions to the Rules include such rules as from time to time 
modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or 
other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Programme 
Documents and are subject to their detailed provisions. Bondholders are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Programme Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Programme Documents are 
available for inspection by Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Representative of the Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, 
at the Specified Office(s) of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION  
(a) 
Definitions:  
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Accrued Interest" means, as of any Valuation Date and in relation to any Eligible Asset to be assigned as 
at that date, the portion of the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such date. 
"Additional Seller" means any entity being part of the Montepaschi Group that may transfer one or more 
New Portfolios to the Guarantor following the accession to the Programme pursuant to the Programme 
Documents.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
"Additional Servicer" means each Additional Seller which has been appointed as servicer in relation to 
the Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor, following the accession to the Programme and to the 
Master Servicing Agreement, pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Additional Subordinated Lender" means each Additional Seller in its capacity as additional subordinated 
lender, pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Adjustment Purchase Price" means the purchase price adjusted on the basis of calculations carried out 
pursuant to clause 7 of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Amortisation Test" means the Test as indicated in clause 5 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Asset Coverage Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 3 of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement.  
"Asset Monitor" means Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. in its capacity as asset monitor pursuant to the Asset 
Monitor Engagement Letter and the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter alios, the 
Asset Monitor, the Issuer and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
"Asset Monitor Engagement Letter" means the engagement letter entered into, on 18 June 2010 (as 
amended and supplemented) between the Issuer and the Asset Monitor in order to perform specific 
agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfillment of the eligibility criteria set out under 
Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the limits 
to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out under article 129 of the CRR; and (iii) the effectiveness and 
adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the 
Programme.  
"Asset Swap Agreement" means any asset swap agreement which may be entered into between an Asset 
Swap Provider and the Guarantor. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means any entity acting as swap counterparty under an Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity that will be 
appointed in such capacity by the Guarantor, together with the Representative of the Bondholders, 
pursuant to clause 10.1 of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" means the regulations No. 285 issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 
2013, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Base Interest" has the meaning given to the term "Interesse Base" pursuant to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"BMPS" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.. 
"Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of the Covered Bonds included in each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Breach of Tests Cure Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
"Breach of Tests Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement following the breach of one of the 
Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
"Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code” (Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are generally open for 
business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the Real-time gross Settlement System (T2) 
managed by Eurosistema (or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) "Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) "Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) "FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each relevant 
date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will 
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; and 
(v) "No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" is the amount used for the calculation of interest amounts and redemption 
amounts for the relevant covered bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Period" means the period from one Guarantor Calculation Date (included) to the next 
Guarantor Calculation Date (excluded). 
"Call Option" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and 
payments agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Bondholders, the Paying Agent(s) and the Italian Account Bank, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
"Cash Manager" means BMPS acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Cash Manager Report" means the report produced by the Cash Manager pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cessation of Business" means, with respect to the Issuer, the loss of the banking licence. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Account(s)" means any other cash and/or securities account (different from the Guarantor's 
Accounts) opened by the Guarantor pursuant to clause 7.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Principal Seller (or any Additional Seller(s), if any) by any Debtor in order to 
guarantee the payment and/or redemption of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan 
Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the first calendar day of 
each month; and (ii) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each date determined by the 
Representative of the Bondholders as such. 
"Collection Period" means the Monthly Collection Period and/or the Quarterly Collection Period, as 
applicable.  
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered on 18 June 2010 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer. 
"Corresponding Interest" has the meaning given to the term "Interesse Collegato" in the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
"Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds" means, in respect of a Fixed Interest Term Loan or 
a Floating Interest Term Loan, the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued or to be issued pursuant 
to the Programme and notified by the Subordinated Lender to the Guarantor in the relevant Term Loan 
Proposal. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by (i) Receivables and (ii) any other Eligible Assets. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the Cover Pool management agreement entered on 18 June 
2010 between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Seller, the Pre-Issuer Default Test 
Calculation Agent, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and 
the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
"Covered Bond Swap Agreement" means each International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") 
1992 Master Agreement (Multicurrency Cross Border) (together with the Schedule and credit support 
annex thereto and the confirmations evidencing interest rate swap transactions thereunder) entered into 
from time to time between the Guarantor and a Covered Bond Swap Provider, as amended from time to 
time. 
"Covered Bond Swap Provider" means any entity acting as covered bond swap provider under a Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement to the Guarantor and "Covered Bond Swap Providers" means more than one of 
them. 
"Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) of each Series or Tranche 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer in the context of the Programme. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Terms and Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,  
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period. 
"DBRS" means DBRS Ratings GmBH and any of its successors or assignees.  
“DBRS Critical Obligations Rating (COR)” means the DBRS rating addressing the risk of default of 
particular obligations / exposures of certain banks that have a higher probability of being excluded 
from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a troubled bank than 
other senior unsecured obligations. 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means the DBRS rating equivalent of any of the below ratings by Moody's, Fitch 
or S&P: 
DBRS 
Moody’s 
S&P 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
CC 
C 
C 
D 
D 
"DBRS Rating" is any of the following: 
• 
Public rating 
• 
Private rating 
• 
Internal assessment 
(a) 
if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and an S&P public rating in respect of the 
Eligible Investment or the Eligible Institution (each, a "Public Long Term Rating") are all 
available at such date, the DBRS Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long 
Term Rating remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest of such Public Long Term 
Ratings from such rating agencies (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under 
credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered 
one notch below). For this purpose, if more than one Public Long Term Rating has the same 
highest DBRS Equivalent Rating or the same lowest DBRS Equivalent Rating, then in each case 
one of such Public Long Term Ratings shall be so disregarded;  
(b) 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) above, but Public Long Term Ratings of the 
Eligible Investment by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, the DBRS 
Equivalent Rating of the lower such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long 
Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating 
will be considered one notch below); and 
(c) 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) and (b) above, but Public Long Term Ratings 
by any one of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, then the DBRS Equivalent 
Rating will be such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is 
under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be 
considered one notch below). 
If at any time the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under subparagraphs (a) to (c) above, the DBRS 
Rating will be deemed to be of "C" at such time. 
"Dealers" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity that will be 
appointed as such by the Issuer by means of the subscription of a letter under the terms or substantially 
under the terms provided in schedule 5 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means with reference to the Mortgage Loans, any borrower and any other person, other than a 
Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is 
liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, 
inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation under 
an accollo, or otherwise.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
"Decree No. 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered on 18 June 2010, as amended from time 
to time. 
"Defaulted Receivables" means any Receivable (i) which has been classified as "defaulted" (credito in 
sofferenza) pursuant to the Bank of Italy's supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca 
d'Italia) and the Credit and Collection Policy; or (ii) in respect of which there are 12 unpaid instalments 
(in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with monthly instalments), 7 unpaid 
instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with quarterly instalments) or 4 
unpaid instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with semi-annual 
instalments). 
"Drawdown Date" means the date indicated in each Term Loan Proposal on which a Term Loan is granted 
pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement (or, in respect of any Additional Subordinated Lenders, 
pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement) during the Subordinated Loan Availability 
Period. 
"Due for Payment" means the requirement for the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amounts following 
the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice after the occurrence of certain Issuer Events of Default, 
such requirement arising: (i) prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on 
which the Guaranteed Amounts are due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (being the relevant Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be); and (ii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that has 
or have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is not subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is 
subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Terms and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
"ECB Guidelines" means the Guideline of the European Central Bank of 20 September 2011 
(ECB/2011/14), published on the Official Gazette of the European Union no. 331 of 14 December 2011, 
as amended by the Guideline of the European Central Bank on 26 November 2012 (ECB/2012/25) 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union no. 348 on 18 December 2012, both relating to 
monetary policy instruments and procedures of the Eurosystem, and the decisions of the European 
Central Bank dated, respectively, 20 March 2013 (ECB/2013/6), on the rules concerning the use as 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy operations of own-use uncovered government-guaranteed 
bank bonds, and 26 September 2013 on additional measures relating to Eurosystem refinancing 
operations and eligibility of collateral (ECB/2013/35), as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Eligible Assets" means the assets contemplated under article 7-novies of Law 130 which are Mortgage 
Loan, Eligible Swap Agreement and Liquidity Assets.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
"Eligible Institution" means any credit institution incorporated under the laws of any state which is a 
member of the European Union, the EEA, the United Kingdom or of the United States, whose: 
(a) 
short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least "F-1" by Fitch, and 
at least "P-1" by Moody's, and  
(b) 
long-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least the Minimum DBRS 
Rating (considering the maximum of (1) one notch below the relevant institution’s DBRS Critical 
Obligations Rating (COR), in case the institution has a DBRS Critical Obligations Rating (COR); and 
(2) a long term DBRS Rating or DBRS Equivalent Rating), at least "A" by Fitch and at least "A2" by 
Moody's (provided that, if any of the above credit institutions is on rating watch negative, it shall 
be treated as one notch below its current Fitch rating) or any other rating level from time to time 
provided for in the Rating Agencies' criteria.  
"Eligible Investment" means any investment denominated in Euro (unless a suitable hedging is in place) 
that has a maturity date falling, and which is redeemable at par together with accrued unpaid interest, 
no later than the next following Eligible Investment Liquidation Date and that is an obligation of a 
company incorporated in, or a sovereign issuer of, a Qualifying Country (as defined below), provided 
that in case of downgrade below such rating level the securities will be sold, if it could be achieved 
without a loss, otherwise the securities shall be allowed to mature, and is one or more of the following 
obligations or securities (including, without limitation, any obligations or securities for which the Cash 
Manager or the Representative of the Bondholders or an affiliate of any of them provides services):  
(i) 
direct obligations of any agency or instrumentality of a sovereign of a Qualifying Country, the 
obligations of which agency or instrumentality are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in 
full by a Qualifying Country, a "Qualifying Country" being a country rated at the time of such 
investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment in such obligations, at 
least "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch "Aa3" and "P-1" by Moody’s and AA (low) or R-1 (middle) by DBRS ; 
(ii) 
demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers' acceptances issued by any 
depositary institution or trust company (including, without limitation, the Payments Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank) incorporated under the laws of a Qualifying Country with, in 
each case, a maturity of no more than 30 days (and in any case falling prior to the immediately 
following Eligible Investment Liquidation Date) and subject to supervision and examination by 
governmental banking authorities, provided that the commercial paper and/or the debt 
obligations of such depositary institution or trust company (or, in the case of the principal 
depositary institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations of 
such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for 
such investment have a credit rating of at least "A" and "F1" by Fitch , "A2" and "P-1" by Moody’s 
and with respect to DBRS rated according to the “DBRS A” table; 
(iii) 
any security rated at least (A) "P-1" by Moody's, "A" and "F1" by Fitch and with respect to DBRS 
according to the DBRS A table, if the relevant maturity is up to 30 calendar days, (B) "P-1" by 
Moody's "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch and with respect to DBRS according to DBRS B table, if the 
relevant maturity is up to 365 calendar days provided that, in all cases, the maximum aggregate 
total exposures in general to classes of assets with certain ratings by the Rating Agencies will, if 
requested by any Rating Agencies, be limited to the maximum percentages specified by any 
such Rating Agencies; 
(iv) 
subject to the rating of the Covered Bonds not being affected, unleveraged repurchase 
obligations with respect to: (1) commercial paper or other short-term obligations having, at the 
time of such investment, a credit rating of at least "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch, "Aa3" and "P-1" by 
Moody’s and a maturity of not more than 180 days from their date of issuance and with respect 
to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A and DBRS B tables; (2) off-
shore money market funds rated, at all times, "AAA/V-1" by Fitch and "Aaa/MR1+" by Moody’s

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
and with respect to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A and DBRS 
B tables; and (3) any other investment similar to those described in paragraphs (1) and (2) above: 
(a) provided that any such other investment will not affect the rating of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) which has the same rating as the investment described in paragraphs (1) and (2) above, 
provided that, (x) in any event, none of the Eligible Investments set out above may consist, in 
whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from 
the transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at 
any time and (y) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period 
between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) 
effectively passes (as confirmed by a non qualified legal opinion by a primary standing law firm) 
to the Issuer and the obligations of the relevant counterparty are not related to the performance 
of the underlying securities, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of 
Covered Bonds and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower 
than the initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do 
not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-
backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant 
exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1(a) of the CRR or, in 
case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European union which has a maturity not exceeding 30 
(thirty) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1(a) of the CRR.  
DBRS A Table: eligible Investments with 
a maturity up to 30 days:CB Rating 
Eligible Investment Rating 
AAA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (high) 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (low) 
A or R-1(middle) 
A (high) 
BBB (high) or R-2 (high) 
A 
BBB or R-2 (middle) 
A (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (high) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BB (high) 
BB (high) or R-3 
BB 
BB or R-4 
BB (low) 
BB (low) or R-4

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
DBRS B Table 
Maximum 
maturity 
CB rated at least AA 
(low) 
CB rated between A 
(high) and A (low) 
CB rated BBB (high) and 
below 
90 days 
AA (low) or R-1 
(middle) 
A (low) or R-1 (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 
(middle) 
180 days 
AA or R-1 (high) 
A or R-1 (low) 
BBB or R-2 (high) 
365 days 
AAA or R-1 (high) 
A (high) or R-1 
(middle) 
BBB or R-2 (high) 
 
"Eligible Investment Date" means, in respect of any investment in Eligible Investments made or to be 
made in accordance with the Programme Documents, any Business Day immediately after a Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
"Eligible Investment Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any investment in Eligible Investments made 
or to be made in accordance with the Programme Documents, two Business Days before the Guarantor 
Calculation Date immediately following the relevant Eligible Investment Date. 
"Eligible Investments Securities Account" means the securities account that may be opened by the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Eligible Swap Agreement” means any swap agreement which meets the requirements of article 7-decies 
of Law 130. 
"EU Directive on the Reorganisation and Winding up of Credit Institutions" means Directive 2001/24/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of 
credit institutions. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015, as amended from time to 
time. 
"EURIBOR" (1) with respect to the Covered Bonds, has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms; and (2) with reference to each Loan Interest Period, means the rate denominated "Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate" (i) at 3 (three) months (provided that for the First Loan Interest Period, such rate will be 
calculated on the basis of the linear interpolation of 3-month Euribor and 4-month Euribor), published 
on Reuters' page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor" or (A) in the different page which may substitute the 
Reuters' page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor", or (B) in the event such page or such system is not 
available, on the page of a different system containing the same information that can substitute Reuters' 
page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor" (or, in the event such page is available from more than one 
system, in the one selected by the Representative of the Bondholders) (hereinafter, the "Screen Rate") at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) of the date of determination of Interest falling immediately before the 
beginning of such Loan Interest Period; or (ii) in the event that on any date of determination of Interest 
the Screen Rate is not published, the reference rate will be the arithmetic average (rounded off to three 
decimals) of the rates communicated to the Guarantor Calculation Agent, following request of such 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, by the Reference Banks at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant date 
of determination of Interest and offered to other financial institutions of similar standing for a reference 
period similar to such Loan Interest Period; or (iii) in the event the Screen Rate is not available and only 
two or three Reference Banks communicate the relevant rate quotations to the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the relevant rate shall be determined, as described above, on the basis of the rate quotations

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
provided by the Reference Banks; or (iv) in the event that the Screen Rate is not available and only one or 
no Reference Banks communicate such quotation to the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the relevant rate 
shall be the rate applicable to the immediately preceding period under sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, 
provided that if the definition of Euribor is agreed differently in the context of the Asset Swap 
Agreement entered into by and between the Guarantor and an Asset Swap Provider in the context of the 
Programme, such definition will replace this definition. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the EEA which adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Euro Equivalent" means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than 
the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at the prevailing exchange rate. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels. 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at Piazza degli 
Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with article 83-quater of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act. 
"European Economic Area" or “EEA” means the region comprised of member states of the EEA which 
adopt the Euro currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Assets" means any Eligible Asset forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess for the 
purpose of satisfying the Tests. 
"Execution Date" means (i) with respect to the assignment of the Initial Portfolio, the date falling on the 
date on which the Principal Seller receives from the Guarantor the letter of acceptance of the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement, Master Servicing Agreement, Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, and (ii) with respect to the assignment of each New Portfolio, the date on 
which each of the Principal Seller or Additional Seller (if any) receives from the Guarantor the letter of 
acceptance of the relevant Transfer Proposal. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors) arising in connection 
with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to 
maintain it in good standing, or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the account denominated in Euro and opened on behalf of the Guarantor 
with the Italian Account Bank, IBAN IT 81 J 01030 12000 000000736131, or any other substitutive 
account that may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to a specific Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the date 
falling 38 years after the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
date falling 4 calendar days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant 
terms contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on 
or before the Issue Date of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Financial Laws Consolidation Act" means Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Issue Date" means the Issue Date of the first Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
"First Loan Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan, the period starting on the relevant 
Drawdown Date (exclusive) and ending on the first following Guarantor Payment Date (inclusive). 
"First Series of Covered Bonds" means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer in the 
context of the Programme. 
"First Tranche of Covered Bonds" means if applicable the first Tranche of Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer in the context of the issuance of the First Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fitch" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating 
agency which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered 
Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant 
time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other 
entity of the Fitch group. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Interest Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
respect of which a fixed rate Corresponding Interest applies as indicated in the relevant Term Loan 
Proposal and corresponding to the interest payable on the corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
"Fixed Rate Provisions" has the meaning set out in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
"Floating Interest Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
respect of which a floating rate Corresponding Interest applies as indicated in the relevant Term Loan 
Proposal and corresponding to the interest payable on the corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
"Floating Rate Provisions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended by the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2023 and as further amended from time to time. 
"Guarantee" means the guarantee granted by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments owed by the Issuer to the Bondholders and to the Other Guarantor Creditors pursuant to Law 
130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Guarantee Enforcement Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders 
upon occurrence of certain Issuer Events of Default as better specified in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events 
of Default).

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice and prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the Redemption Amount, the Interest Amount and any other amounts due 
from time to time by the Issuer to the Bondholders with respect to each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, including, for avoidance of doubt and without double counting, any amount that have been 
already paid timely by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Bondholders, to the extent it was clawed-back 
thereafter by a bankruptcy receiver, liquidator or other duly appointed officer upon opening of any 
bankruptcy proceedings or other similar insolvency proceedings of the Issuer. 
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the payment obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantor" means MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee. 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available 
Funds. 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity acting in 
such capacity pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Guarantor Calculation Date" means the date falling on the 22th calendar day of March, June, September 
and December, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Guarantor Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity acting 
in such capacity pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
case of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
5 Business Days after the Guarantor Calculation Date of March, June, September and December or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative 
of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms 
and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement.  
"Guarantor's Accounts" means, collectively, the Italian Collection Account, the Main Programme Account, 
the Expenses Account, the Reserve Account, the Payments Account, the Eligible Investments Securities 
Account and any other account opened in the context of the Programme with the exception of any 
Collateral Account(s) as defined pursuant to clause 7.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"IFRS" means international financial reporting and accounting standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
"Individual Purchase Price" means:  
(i) 
with respect to each Eligible Asset transferred pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreements, the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant 
Eligible Asset: 
(A) 
minus the aggregate amount of (1) the accrued interest obtained at the date of the last 
financial statement with reference to such Eligible Asset and included in such book 
value; and (2) any collections with respect to principal received by the relevant Seller 
with respect to such Eligible Asset, starting from the date of the most recent financial 
statement (ultimo bilancio) until the relevant Valuation Date (included); and 
(B) 
increased of the aggregate amount of the Accrued Interest with respect to such Eligible 
Asset obtained at the relevant Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
such other value, pursuant to article 7-viciester of Law 130, as indicated by the Principal Seller 
(or each Additional Seller, if any) in the relevant Transfer Proposal. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the first portfolio of Receivables and related Security Interests purchased by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Initial Portfolio Purchase Price" means the consideration paid by the Guarantor to the Principal Seller for 
the transfer of the Initial Portfolio, calculated in accordance with clause 5.1 of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement.  
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as 
defined in the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(B) 
in respect of any company, entity or corporation other than the Issuer, that:  
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable procedure 
of judicial liquidation, liquidation, administrative compulsory liquidation, any 
insolvency proceedings pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time 
(including, inter alia and by way of example, pursuant to and for the purposes of the 
Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), instrument or measure for the regulation of 
crisis and insolvency (including, without limitation, and merely by way of example, 
the "concordato preventivo", “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto a omologazione”, 
“accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti” as well as the “piano attestato di risanamento” 
pursuant to the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), insolvency and/or 
restructuring procedures or procedures or similar instruments/measures pursuant to 
the legislation applicable from time to time (including, but not limited to, application 
for liquidation, restructuring, dissolution procedures, access to any of the measures 
set forth in the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code) or the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject 
to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of 
the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes 
of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a 
legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with 
a reasonable prospect of success; or

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings 
under (i) above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation and, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect rely 
on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in 
case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme Documents) or is granted 
by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the 
events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such 
company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, corporate 
reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent 
amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved 
in writing by the Representative of the Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent 
or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company 
or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning set out in Condition 9(h). 
"Insurance Policies" means (i) each insurance policy taken out with the insurance companies in relation 
to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan or (ii) any possible "umbrella" insurance policy in 
relation to the Real Estate Assets which have lost their previous relevant insurance coverage. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Main Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited to the Main 
Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Programme Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period;

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
(iv) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount, and following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, on the Guarantor, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account;  
(v) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts; 
(vi) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(vii) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Asset Swap Agreement and the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement,  
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts 
received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied, together with any provision for such 
payments made on any preceding Guarantor Calculation Date, (i) to make payments in respect 
of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) to make payments in respect of interest due on the 
Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for the payment of such relevant 
proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other day up to the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date, as the Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably determine, or 
otherwise; 
(viii) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(ix) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under any Swap Agreement; 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts will be, to 
the extent permitted by the relevant Swap Agreement, net of any cost necessary to replace the 
swap provider and find an eligible swap counterparty to enter into a replacement swap 
agreement; 
(x) 
all interest amounts received from the Principal Seller (or any Additional Seller, if any) by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(xi) 
any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments; and  
(xii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.4 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the difference, if 
positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable (but for the operation of clause 13 (Enforcement of 
Security, Non Petition and Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement) under items First to Fifth of 
the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the Interest Available Funds (net of such 
Interest Shortfall Amount) on such Guarantor Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Determination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Date" means each date on which a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued. 
"Issuer" means BMPS. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders upon 
occurrence of certain Issuer Event of Default as better specified in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"Istruzioni di Vigilanza" means the regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 
2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche), as amended from time to time, as 
well as any other regulation issued by the Bank of Italy . 
"Istruzioni di Vigilanza per gli Intermediari Finanziari" means the regulations for financial intermediaries 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 5 August 1996 with circular number 216, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
"Italian Account" means each of the Italian Collection Account, the Payments Account, the Expenses 
Account, the Main Programme Account and the Reserve Account, and "Italian Accounts" means all of 
them. 
"Italian Account Bank" means BMPS or any other entity appointed to act as such pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Italian Account Bank Report" means the report produced by the Italian Account Bank pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
"Italian Back-Up Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch or any other 
entity appointed to act as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Italian Collection Account" means any of the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the 
Guarantor and held by the Italian Account Bank for the deposit of any amount of the Collections of the 
Portfolios number 000008417530 (IBAN: IT 27 S 01030 14200 000008417530) and any other account 
which may be opened by the Guarantor if a bank part of the Montepaschi Group will accede the 
Programme in its capacity as Additional Seller and Additional Servicer, for the deposit of the collections 
of the Portfolios transferred by such bank, in its capacity as Additional Seller, to the Guarantor, or any 
other substitutive account which may be opened by the Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Joint-Arrangers" means, collectively, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BMPS and NatWest Markets N.V.. 
"Joint Regulation" means the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Law 130" means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as the same may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the Eligible Assets in accordance with article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, let. (b) 
of Law 130. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” means the test described in clause 4 (Liquidity Reserve Requirement) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Loan Interest" means any of the Base Interest or the Corresponding Interest, as calculated in the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Loan Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan: (i) the relevant First Loan Interest Period; and 
thereafter (ii) each period starting on a Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) and ending on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (included).  
"Main Programme Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the 
Guarantor 
and 
held 
by 
the 
Payments 
Account 
Bank, 
number 
7577439780 
(IBAN 
IT57Z0335101600007577439780), or any other substitutive account which may be opened by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Mandatory Tests" means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 as calculated 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Margin" has the meaning set out to the term "Margine" in the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Master Assets Purchase Agreement" means the master assets purchase agreement entered on 25 May 
2010 between the Guarantor, the Principal Seller and, following accession to the Programme, each 
Additional Seller, as amended from time to time. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about 18 
June 2010 between the parties of the Programme Documents, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered on 25 May 2010 between 
the Guarantor, the Principal Servicer and, following accession to the Programme, each Additional 
Servicer, as amended from time to time. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Meetings" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
"Minimum DBRS Rating": 
Highest 
Rating 
Assigned 
to 
Rated 
Securities 
Minimum Institution Rating 
AAA (sf) 
"A" 
AA (high) (sf) 
"A" 
AA (sf) 
"A" 
AA (low) (sf) 
"A" 
A (high) (sf) 
BBB (high)  
A (sf) 
BBB 
A (low) (sf) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (high) (sf) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (sf) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) (sf) 
BBB (low) 
 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
"Montepaschi Group" means, together, the banks and other companies belonging from time to time to 
the banking group "Gruppo Montepaschi", enrolled with the register of banking groups held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Monthly Collection Period" means (a) each period commencing on (and including) a Collection Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the following Collection Date; and (b) in the case of the first Monthly 
Collection Period, the period commencing on (and including) the Valuation Date and ending on (and 
including) the last calendar day of the month immediately preceding the first Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means, with reference to the Principal Servicer the monthly report prepared 
by the Principal Servicer and with reference to any Additional Servicer, the monthly report prepared by 
any Additional Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (i) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 15th calendar day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may 
be indicated by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Moody's" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating agency 
which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or 
for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other entity of 
the Moody’s group. 
"Mortgage" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant 
to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgage Loan" means a Residential Mortgage Loan, the claims in respect of which have been and/or 
will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of which the 
Receivables arise. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour 
of the relevant Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a 
Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
"Negative Carry Factor" is a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average margin of the 
Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and 
interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover 
Pool, calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, it 
being understood that, if the Maturity Date of a Series is extendable to the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account shall be based on the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Maturity Date.  
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.3 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Eligible Assets (other than the Initial Portfolio) which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
"New Portfolio Purchase Price" means the consideration which the Guarantor shall pay to the relevant 
Seller for the transfer of each New Portfolio in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement 
and equal to the aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets 
included in the relevant New Portfolio. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.2 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
"Non-Performing Asset" means, collectively, the Defaulted Receivables and the UTP Receivables.  
"Notice" means any notice delivered under or in connection with any Programme Document. 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Bondholders" means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
"Other Guarantor Creditors" means the Principal Seller and each Additional Seller, if any, the Principal 
Servicer and each Additional Servicer, if any, the Back-up Servicer, the Principal Subordinated Lender 
and each Additional Subordinated Lender, if any, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Pre-Issuer Default 
Test Calculation Agent, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cash Manager, the Asset Swap Providers, the Covered Bond Swap 
Providers, the Italian Account Bank, the Italian Back-Up Account Bank, the Payments Account Bank, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Portfolio Manager 
(if any). 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means any Principal Balance outstanding in respect of any asset included 
in the Cover Pool. 
"Pass Through Series" means: 
(a) any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which: 
(i) 
the Issuer has failed to repay in whole or in part the relevant Final Redemption Amount on 
the applicable Maturity Date and a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the 
Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
such Series of Covered Bonds on the relevant Extension Determination Date;  
(b) all Series of Covered Bonds if a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered (and, in case of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a breach of the Amortisation Test has occurred.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
"Paying Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent and each other paying agent appointed from time to 
time under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
"Payments Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
held with the Payments Account Bank number 8955119780, IBAN IT96O0335101600008955119780 or 
any other substitutive account which may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
“Payments Account Bank” means the account bank acting as Payments Account Bank pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bondholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds.  
"Portfolio" means collectively the Initial Portfolio and any other New Portfolios which has been purchased 
and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Portfolio Manager" means the subject appointed as portfolio manager pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
"Post-Issuer Default Test Performance Report" means, on each Test Calculation Date and Quarterly Test 
Calculation Date during the period after the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the relevant report 
prepared by the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent setting out the calculations carried out by it 
with respect of the relevant Tests and specifying whether any of such Tests was not met. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent" means BMPS.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
"Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report" means, on each Test Calculation Date and Quarterly Test 
Calculation Date prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the relevant report prepared by the 
Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of 
the relevant Tests and specifying whether any of such Tests was not met. 
"Premium" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the Guarantor on each 
Programme Term Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and equal to the Guarantor 
Available Funds as at such date, after all amounts payable in priority thereto have been made in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in 
respect of that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that 
day; and (b) in relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) 
in respect of all Covered Bonds outstanding. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Principal Servicer (and any Additional 
Seller, if any) and credited to the Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets and any disinvestment of Eligible Investments;  
(v) 
any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and not used to 
fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any Eligible Assets;  
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than any 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(vii) 
any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and 
(viii) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts;  
"Principal Balance" means for any Mortgage Loan as at any given date, the aggregate of: (a) the original 
principal amount advanced to the relevant Debtor and any further amount advanced on or before the 
given date to the relevant Debtor secured or intended to be secured by the related Security Interest; and 
(b) any interest, disbursement, legal expense, fee, charge, rent, service charge, premium or payment 
which has been properly capitalised in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Loan or with the relevant 
Debtor's consent and added to the amounts secured or intended to be secured by that Mortgage Loan;

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
and (c) any other amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Accrued Interest and interest in arrears) 
which is due or accrued (whether or not due) and which has not been paid by the relevant Debtor and 
has not been capitalised, as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding that given date less 
any repayment or payment of any of the foregoing made on or before the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding that given date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such 
Member State of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan branch in its capacity as 
Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or any 
other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.  
"Principal Seller" means BMPS. 
"Principal Servicer" means BMPS.  
"Principal Subordinated Lender" means BMPS in its capacity as Subordinated Lender pursuant to the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied 
on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Privacy Law" means (i) the EU Regulation n. 679/2016 (“General Data Protection Regulation” – “GDPR”); 
(ii) the Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified or 
supplemented; as well as (iii) any regulations, guidelines and provisions, from time to time applicable, 
concerning the protection of personal data, adopted by the Supervisory Authority or other competent 
authority.  
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each series of Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni 
Bancarie Garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with Title I-bis of Law 130. 
"Programme Accounts" means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and any other account opened from time 
to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor, the Principal Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
Dealers, as amended from time to time. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantee, the 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions, the Deed of Pledge, the Master Definitions 
Agreement, any Final Terms agreed in the context of the issuance of each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and any other agreement entered into in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Limit" means €20,000,000,000.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
"Programme Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
respect of which the Base Interest applies pursuant to terms of the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Prospectus" means the base prospectus prepared in the context of the issuance of the Covered Bonds. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation EU 2017/1129, as subsequently amended and supplemented.  
"Purchase Price" means, as applicable, the consideration for the Initial Portfolio Purchase Price or the 
consideration for the New Portfolio Purchase Price pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent which must 
be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholders. 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a Bondholder having 
deposited a Put Option Notice. 
"Quarterly Collection Period" means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each period 
commencing on (and including) the Collection Dates in December, March, June and September and 
ending on (but excluding), respectively, the Collection Dates in March, June, September and December; 
(b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each period commencing on (and including) the 
last day of the preceding Quarterly Collection Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling 10 
calendar days prior to the next following quarterly Collection Date. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report" with reference to the Principal Servicer the quarterly report prepared by the 
Principal Servicer and with reference to any Additional Servicer, the quarterly report prepared by any 
Additional Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Monthly Servicer's Report Date falling in March, June, September and December of each year or, if such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Quarterly Test Calculation Date" means the Test Calculation Date falling in March, June, September and 
December, of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Italian Account Bank IBAN IT 43O0103061622000061239727 for the deposit of the Quota 
Capital.  
"Quotaholder" means BMPS and any other quotaholder of the Guarantor. 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement” means the quotaholders’ agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor and the Quotaholders, as amended from time to time. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch, Moody's and DBRS.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables. 
"Receivables" means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
law and the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights and claims in respect of the repayment of the Principal Instalments due and not paid at 
the Valuation Date (excluded); 
(ii) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including the default interest) 
accruing on the Mortgage Loans, which are due from (but excluding) the Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
the Accrued Interest; 
(iv) 
all rights and claims in respect of each Mortgage and any Collateral Security relating to the 
relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement; 
(v) 
all rights and claims under and in respect of the Insurance Policies; and 
(vi) 
any privileges and priority rights (diritti di prelazione) transferable pursuant to the law, as well 
as any other right, claim or action (including any legal proceeding for the recovery of suffered 
damages, the remedy of termination (risoluzione per inadempimento) and the declaration of 
acceleration of the debt (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) with respect to the Debtors) and 
any substantial and procedural action and defence, including the remedy of termination 
(risoluzione per inadempimento) and the declaration of acceleration of the debt (decadenza dal 
beneficio del termine) with respect to the Debtors, inherent in or ancillary to the aforesaid rights 
and claims; 
excluding any expenses for the correspondence and any expenses connected to the ancillary services 
requested by the relevant Debtor. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in relation to any Defaulted 
Receivables and any UTP Receivables. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount (as any such terms are defined in the Conditions) or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" (A) with respect to the Covered Bonds, has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate; and, (B) with respect to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, means four financial institutions of the greatest importance, acting on the interbank market 
of the member states of the European Union, as selected by the Principal Subordinated Lender and 
communicated to the Guarantor Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative of the Bondholders" means The Bank of New York Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Required Redemption Amount" means (i) to the extent that no Series of Covered Bonds have become 
Pass Through Series, the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by (1 + Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds/365)) and thereafter (ii) zero. 
"Required Reserve Amount" means the aggregate of the amounts calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent on each Guarantor Calculation Date, in accordance with the following formula: A plus  
• 
B, if BMPS is the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
or if no Covered Bond Swap Agreement has been entered into with respect to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds; and  
• 
C, if BMPS is not the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, where 
"A" is the sum of all the amounts to be paid by the Guarantor on the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (i) under item First of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments and (ii) as compensation

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
for the activity of any of the Principal Servicer or the Additional Servicer under the terms of the Master 
Servicing Agreement." 
"B" is the aggregate amount of all interest payable with respect of each Series of Covered Bonds during 
the six months period following the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date; and 
"C" the sum of the Floating Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement related to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bond) due by the Guarantor during the six months period following the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date. 
"Reserve Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
held by the Payments Account Bank, number 7577449780 (IBAN: IT05A0335101600007577449780) or 
any other substitutive account which may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Amount" means the funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account from time to time. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" means a loan secured by residential mortgage meeting the requirements of 
article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of Law 130. 
"Residential Real Estate Assets" means the Real Estate Assets relating to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
"Resolution Event" means the starting of a resolution procedure vis-à-vis the Issuer pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and subject to the relevant implementing measures adopted by the 
competent resolution authority.  
"Retention Amount" means an amount equal to €50,000.00. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders" means the rules of the organisation of the Bondholders 
attached as Exhibit 1 to this Conditions, as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
therein contained and including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental 
thereto. 
"Screen Rate Determination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. 
"Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any obligation of any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or other account 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge of 
any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(iii) any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and retention arrangement) 
having a similar effect. 
"Segregation Event" has the meaning given to the definition "Segregation Event" pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions. 
"Selected Assets" means the Eligible Assets from time to time sold by the Guarantor in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
"Seller" means the Principal Seller pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and each 
Additional Seller (if any). 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme. 
"Servicer" means any of BMPS in its capacity as Principal Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing 
Agreement and any Additional Servicer pursuant to the terms and conditions provided therein. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any event as indicated in clause 11.1 of the Master Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report Date" means any of the Monthly Servicer's Report Date or any of the Quarterly 
Servicer's Report Date. 
"Servicer's Reports" means any of the Monthly Servicer's Report and the Quarterly Servicer's Report. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office(s)" means, in relation to any Paying Agent, the office currently specified in the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or as further specified by notice to the Issuer and the 
other parties to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in the manner provided 
therein or in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.  
"Specified Period" has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stock Exchange" means the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). 
"Subordinated Lender" means any of the Principal Subordinated Lender and any Additional Subordinated 
Lender(s), if any. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means each subordinated loan agreement entered between a 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
"Subordinated Loan Availability Period" means the period starting from the date of execution of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (or, in respect of any Additional Seller, the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement) and ending on the date on which all the Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, in which the 
Subordinated Lender has the right to grant to the Guarantor, on each Drawdown Date, a Term Loan. 
"Subscription Agreement" means any subscription agreement entered on or about the Issue Date of each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds between, inter alios, each Dealer and the Guarantor 
"Substitute Servicer" means the substitute of the Servicer which will take over the servicing activities in 
the event of a Servicer Termination Event pursuant to clause 12 of the Master Servicing Agreement.  
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, the Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s), the Asset Swap 
Agreement and any other swap agreement which may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of 
the Programme.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the Guarantor 
in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may not 
be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant 
Swap Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap Collateral 
which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, as applicable, the Asset Swap Provider(s), the Covered Bond Swap Providers and 
any other entity which may act as swap counterparty to the Guarantor by entering into a Swap 
Agreement.  
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity 
Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
Euro. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
"Term Loan" means any term loan in the form of a Programme Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan or 
Floating Interest Term Loan, made or to be made available to the Guarantor on each Drawdown Date 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement or the principal amount outstanding for the time being of that 
loan. 
"Term Loan Proposal" means an "Offerta di Finanziamento Subordinato" as such term is defined in the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Terms and Conditions" means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means any of the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and the Post-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date on which the calculation of the Tests are performed, being a date 
falling on or before the Test Performance Report Date, provided that following the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice the first Test Calculation Date will fall 7 Business Days after the delivery 
of such Guarantee Enforcement Notice. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any of the Mandatory 
Tests or of the Asset Coverage Test is notified by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and 
ending on the immediately following Test Performance Report Date. 
"Test Performance Report" means, respectively (i) the Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report to be 
issued by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and (ii) the Post-Issuer Default Test Performance 
Report to be issued by the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, each setting out the calculations 
carried out by it with respect to the relevant Tests. 
"Test Performance Report Date" means the date falling the 22nd calendar day of each month.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
"Test Remedy Period" means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of Tests Notice is 
delivered and ending on the Test Performance Report Date falling 3 months thereafter. 
"Tests" means, as appropriate, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
"Total Commitment" means, in respect of each Subordinated Lender, the commitment specified in the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Tranche" or "Tranches of Covered Bonds" means each tranche of Covered Bonds which may be 
comprised in a Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Transfer Proposal" means, in respect to each New Portfolio, the transfer proposal which will be sent by 
the relevant Seller and addressed to the Guarantor substantially in the form set out in schedule 7 to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Usury Law" means Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, together with Decree number 349 of 29 
December 2000 as converted into Law number 24 of 28 February 2001. 
"UTP Assets" (Attivi UTP) means the UTP Receivables. 
“UTP Receivables” (Crediti UTP) means any Receivable classified as unlikely-to-pay loan (inadempienza 
probabile) pursuant to the Circular no. 272/2008 (Matrice dei Conti) issued by the Bank of Italy, as 
subsequently modified and supplemented, and, as such, signalled to the “Centrale dei Rischi” pursuant 
to the Circular No. 139/1991 of the Bank of Italy, as subsequently modified and supplemented. 
"Valuation Date" means, with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the 21 of May 2010 and with respect to any 
New Portfolios, the date that will be established jointly by the Principal Seller or any Additional Seller and 
the Guarantor. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered on 25 May 
2010 between the Principal Seller and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bond” means the Covered Bonds, if any, regulated by the Zero Coupon 
Provisions, as provided under the relevant Final Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Provisions" has the meaning set out in Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
“€STR” means the euro short-term rate published by the European Central Bank. 
(b) 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 (a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specify 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
relevant Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Programme Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Programme Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with 
the terms of such Programme Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the 
date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by 
appointment or otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in 
respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a single Series or Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination or Specified Denominations which may 
include a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The Covered Bonds will be issued in 
bearer and dematerialised form or in any other form as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners by Euronext Securities Milan for the account of Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holders and title thereto will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and the Joint Regulation, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. The Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form will be held by 
Euronext Securities Milan on behalf of the Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof 
for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder. No physical document 
of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form. 
The rights and powers of the Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these 
Conditions and the Rules. 
4. 
STATUS AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) 
at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and 
payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf, provided

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
that, pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, further to enforcement of the 
Guarantee, the Bondholders shall participate in the final distribution of the Issuer’s 
assets in respect of any residual amount due to them with any other unsecured creditor 
including – pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 – any derivative transaction 
counterparty. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds when Due for Payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Guarantee. The recourse of the 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the 
Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made subject 
to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified 
payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
5. 
FIXED RATE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). If payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date is deferred in whole or in part pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity), the Floating Rate Provision will apply (as 
specified in the Final Terms). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered 
Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
6. 
FLOATING RATE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Principal Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal 
Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest 
to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent) quoted by 
major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected 
by the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent were acting as Principal Paying Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agent(s) and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Bondholders. The Principal Paying 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount 
in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent(s), the Bondholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Principal Paying Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
7. 
BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions), if the Issuer 
determines that the relevant Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to 
be published on the relevant Screen Page, or a Benchmark Disruption Event occur (even if the 
rate continues to be published), when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), a 
Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(b) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate; 
(c) if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 7); provided, however, that if paragraph (b) applies and the Issuer is unable to or 
does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in 
respect of the preceding Interest Period (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 7); for the avoidance of doubt, the provision in this 
sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7);

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
(d) if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, 
including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to 
the Covered Bonds, in order to follow the prevailing market practice in relation to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, authorise 
such consequential amendments to the Programme Documents and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 7.  
(e) Bondholders' consent shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of 
any documents or other steps (if required); and 
(f) the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), give written notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Bondholders specifying (i) which of the Benchmark 
Disruption Event occurred, (ii) the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (iii) any consequential changes made to these Conditions, 
provided that a prior written notice has been sent to the Rating Agencies within an appropriate 
period of time.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7:  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (as defined below); or  
(ii) in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
and prevailing market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
(iii) if no such customary and prevailing market usage can be determined or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as 
applicable), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary and prevailing 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Disruption Event" means any event which could have a material impact on the 
Reference Rate, including but not limited to: 
(i) a material disruption to the Reference Rate, a material change in the methodology of 
calculating the Reference Rate or the Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published, 
or the administrator of the Reference Rate having used a fallback methodology for 
calculating the Reference Rate for a period of at least 30 calendar days; or 
(ii) the insolvency or cessation of business of the administrator of the Reference Rate (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed); or 
(iii) a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Reference Rate) with effect from a date no later than 6 months after the proposed 
effective date of such benchmark replacement; or 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
the Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued or 
there will be a material change in the methodology of calculating the Reference Rate 
with effect from a date no later than 6 months after the proposed effective date of 
such benchmark replacement; or 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use is subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences with effect from a date no later than 6 months 
after the proposed effective date of such benchmark replacement; or 
(vi) a change in the generally accepted market practice in the market to refer to a 
Reference Rate endorsed in a public statement by the prudential regulation authority 
or any relevant committee or other body established, sponsored or approved by any of 
the foregoing, despite the continued existence of the Reference Rate; or 
(vii) it having become unlawful and/or impossible and/or impracticable for the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Bondholders using the Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap benchmark rate: 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid-swap 
benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap benchmark rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
ZERO COUPON PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero 
Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Bondholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, the Covered Bonds 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Condition 12 (Segregation Event and Events 
of Default), the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be 
deferred until the Extended Maturity Date. Such deferral will occur automatically:  
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds (each such Series, a Pass Through Series) 
if (A) a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor as a result of the Issuer having failed to pay, in whole or in part, the 
Guaranteed Amounts on the Maturity Date for such Series of Covered Bonds 
and, on the relevant Extension Determination Date, the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments,

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, or (B) a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (other than the Issuer 
Event of Default referred to in paragraph (A) above) and, on the Maturity Date 
for such Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor has insufficient funds to pay, 
in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, the Guaranteed 
Amounts in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds, which all become Pass Through Series, 
if, on any Test Calculation Date following the service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice (and, in case of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered 
as a result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the service of an Article 74 Event Cure 
Notice), the Test Calculation Agent notifies, through the Test Performance 
Report, the Issuer, the Sellers, any Additional Seller and the Guarantor that the 
Amortisation Test is not met. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date as to whether 
payment will or will not be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices)), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the Rating Agencies, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent immediately after the 
Extension Determination Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) of any inability 
of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Guarantee. Any 
failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
The Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy of the deferral until the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with the terms of the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the Extension 
Determination Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be), pursuant to the 
Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of 
higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments) pro rata as payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Covered Bonds which become due and payable and shall pay Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final 
Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and 
be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date up to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
(iii) 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Termination Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the first Series of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(C) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were 
then due; or 
(D) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by 
two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 9(c) (Redemption for tax reason), the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption for tax reason). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, prior to an Issuer Event of Default, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of any Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Bondholders), the Bondholder must, not less than 30 nor more than 45 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal 
Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the 
Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the deposit in 
Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
Covered Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the Bondholder at such address as may have been given by 
such Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Covered Bonds are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the Bondholder and not the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all 
purposes. 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only, on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered 
Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by 
the Issuer and will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euronext Securities Milan and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in 
the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, 
at their discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice 
to Bondholders referred to in Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered 
Bonds become due and payable.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 9(g) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Redemption by instalments: If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in 
such number of instalments, in such amounts ("Instalment Amounts") and on such dates 
as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and 
upon each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 9(h) (Redemption by 
instalments) the outstanding principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be 
reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in Conditions 9(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (h) 
(Redemption by instalments) above. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any 
time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price. The 
Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds so redeemed shall be cancelled (or may be cancelled in 
case of Covered Bonds repurchase by the Issuer) and thereafter may not be reissued. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of 
Euronext Securities Milan, by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers 
whose accounts with Euronext Securities Milan are credited with those Covered Bonds 
and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such 
aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant 
Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and of the Relevant Clearing 
Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Covered Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the 
Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
11. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future Taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect of any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva (at 
the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree No. 239 with respect to any 
Covered Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with, except where such 
procedures have not been met or complied with, due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed other than the mere holding of the Covered Bonds; or 
(iii) 
where the Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or  
(v) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of September 
30, 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
(vii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction in respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any 
other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a 
declaration of residence or non/residence or other similar claim for exemption. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an amount were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Covered Bonds as a result of an agreement 
described in Section 1471 (b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
and any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA”) none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any paying agent or any other persons would, pursuant to the

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of deduction or the withholding. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy 
shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor: If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of 
the Republic of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor 
will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges for the account of the Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders. 
12. 
SEGREGATION EVENT AND EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1 
Segregation Event 
The occurrence of any of the following events : 
(a) 
a breach of any of the Mandatory Tests on the relevant Quarterly Test Calculation Date 
and/or  
(b) 
prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, a breach of the Asset Coverage 
Test on the relevant Test Calculation Date,  
which the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent notifies has not been remedied within the 
applicable Test Grace Period, constitutes a "Segregation Event". 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event the Representative of the Bondholders will promptly 
serve notice and in any case within 5 calendar days (the "Breach of Tests Notice") on, inter alios, 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and the Rating Agencies that a Segregation Event has occurred. 
In such case: 
(i) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
there shall be no further payments to the Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term 
Loan, other than where necessary for the purpose of complying with the limits set forth 
under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR as better specified in the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement (and to the extent that no purchase of Eligible Assets is 
possible to this effect in accordance with the provisions of the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement and/or in compliance with the 
limits set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations);  
(iii) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid 
using the proceeds of a Term Loan or, to the extent necessary to comply with the limits 
set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR, as better specified in the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, the Guarantor Available Funds; and  
(iv) 
payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer until a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
If any of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test is/are met within the Test Remedy 
Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will promptly and in any case within 5 calendar 
days deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies a notice 
informing such parties that the Breach of Tests Notice then outstanding has been revoked (the 
"Breach of Tests Cure Notice"). 
12.2 
Issuer Events of Default 
The occurrence of any of the following events constitutes an "Issuer Event of Default": 
(a) 
Non-payment (also as a result of claw-back): the Issuer fails to pay any amount of 
interest and/or principal due and payable on any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and such breach is not remedied within 15 calendar days, in case of amounts of interest, 
or 7 calendar days (other than in case of non-payment as at the Maturity Date), in case 
of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
Breach of obligation (other than non-payment): a material breach by the Issuer of any 
obligation under the Programme Documents occurs and such breach is not remedied 
within 30 calendar days after the Representative of the Bondholders has given written 
notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(d) 
Article 74 Event: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is 
issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Cessation of business: a Cessation of Business occurs in respect of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
Breach of Mandatory Tests and/or Asset Coverage Test: following the delivery of a 
Breach of Tests Notice, any of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test is 
not met on, or prior to, the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the relevant Test 
Remedy Period unless a resolution of the Bondholders is passed resolving to extend 
that Test Remedy Period.  
If any of the events set out in points (a), (c), (d) or (f) above occurs and is continuing, then the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall serve to the Issuer and the Guarantor a notice to 
demand payments under the Guarantee (a "Guarantee Enforcement Notice"), specifying in case 
of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (d) above, that the Issuer Event of Default 
may be temporary and the relevant Guarantee Enforcement Notice may be revoked accordingly.  
Upon the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice: 
(i) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
there shall be no further payments to the Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term 
Loan;  
(iii) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid 
using the proceeds of a Term Loan; 
(iv) 
Guarantee: (a) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by 
the Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under the Conditions and the 
Final Terms of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Priority of Payment; then

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
(b) the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to 
the Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be 
used to make payments in accordance with the Guarantee; 
(v) 
Pass Through Series: to the extent that the Guarantor does not have sufficient funds to 
pay principal on a Series of Covered Bonds (also taking into account amounts referred 
under letter (b) of paragraph (iv) above (if any)), such Series shall become a Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 9(b). 
(vi) 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Eligible 
Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement,  
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default determined by a resolution issued in respect 
of the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act (referred to under item (d) 
(Article 74 Event) above) (the "Article 74 Event"), the effects listed in items (i) (Application of the 
Segregation Event provisions), (ii) (Guarantee) and (iv) (Disposal of Eligible Assets) above will 
only apply for as long as the suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act will be in force and effect (the "Suspension Period"). Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the 
Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) in case of delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice further to a 
non-payment of interest on a Series of Covered Bond the relevant Series becomes a Pass-
Through Series if and only to the extent that, on the relevant Maturity Date the Guarantor does 
not have sufficient funds to redeem the Final Redemption Amount of such Series and (ii) in case 
of delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice further to an Insolvency Event of the Issuer or 
further to an Article 74 Event, if the Guarantor does not have sufficient funds pay the Final 
Redemption Amount due on a Series of Covered Bond on the relevant Maturity Date, such Series 
becomes a Pass Through Series on such Maturity Date. 
If any of the events set out in points (b) or (e) above occurs and is continuing, then the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall serve a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal 
Seller and any Additional Seller (if any), the Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer (if any), 
the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agencies, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Swap Providers, 
the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and the Rating Agencies (an "Issuer Default 
Notice"). 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice the provisions governing the Segregation Event 
from item (i) to (iv) shall apply.  
12.3 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of the relevant Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice (to the extent not revoked), the occurrence of any of the following events 
constitutes a "Guarantor Event of Default": 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or principal due and payable 
under the Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the next following 7 
Business Days; or

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
(b) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach of any obligation under the Programme 
Documents by the Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in item 
(a) (Non-payment) above) which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative 
of the Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor. 
If any of the events set out in points from (a) to (c) above (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing then the Representative of the Bondholders shall serve to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Principal Seller and any Additional Seller (if any), the Principal Servicer and 
any Additional Servicer (if any), the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Payments Account Bank, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Italian Back-Up Account Bank and the Rating Agencies a Guarantor Default Notice, 
unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves 
otherwise or a resolution of the Bondholders is passed resolving otherwise. 
Upon the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, unless a Programme Resolution is passed 
resolving otherwise: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued 
interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for 
an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest and 
any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable 
under Condition 11 (a) (Gross up by Issuer) in accordance with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement; and  
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, subject to adequate satisfaction before doing so, take such steps and/or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it 
may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by a resolution of the Bondholders. 
12.4 
Amortisation Test and relevant breach 
Starting from the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is delivered and until the 
earlier of:  
12.4.1 the date on which all Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms; and 
12.4.1 the date on which a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered, 
the Guarantor shall procure that on any Test Calculation Date, the Amortisation Test is 
met with respect to the Cover Pool, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default 
consists of an Article 74 Event, no Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
If a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs:  
(i) 
Pass Through Series: any and all Series of Covered Bonds will become immediately Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 9(b); and  
(ii) 
Disposal of Eligible Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Eligible 
Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
12.5 
Determinations, etc: all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
12 by the Representative of the Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default (dolo), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all 
Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Bondholders, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Bondholders in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
13. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON PETITION 
13.1 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover 
Pool as provided under Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. The recourse of the 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover 
Pool subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
13.2 
Non petition 
Only the Representative of the Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Programme Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Obligations or enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security and no Bondholder shall be entitled to 
proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Obligations or to 
enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security. In particular: 
13.2.1 no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, except the Representative of the 
Bondholders) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the Programme Documents, to 
direct the Representative of the Bondholders to enforce the Guarantee and/or Security 
or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Guarantee and/or the 
Security; 
13.2.1 no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, except the Representative of the 
Bondholders) shall have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against 
the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the 
Guarantor; 
13.2.1 until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series and 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled 
or redeemed in full in accordance with their Conditions and the relevant final Terms no 
Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, except the Representative of the Bondholders) 
shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Guarantor; and

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
13.2.1 no Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, 
legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of 
Payments not being complied with. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years 
(in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
15. 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
(a) 
Organisation of the Bondholders: The Organisation of the Bondholders shall be 
established upon, and by virtue of, the issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or 
cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. Pursuant to the 
Rules, for as long as any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche are outstanding, there 
shall at all times be a Representative of the Bondholders. The appointment of the 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Bondholders is made by the Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Mandate 
Agreement, in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules), 
and in the other Programme Documents and the Representative of the Bondholders has 
accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending 
(subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series and Tranche have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance 
with their respective terms and conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Bondholders: Each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the Programme 
Documents; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable in respect of any 
loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the 
Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the 
Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Programme Documents. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and in connection 
with the Covered Bonds, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following 
service of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and 
do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is set out in these Conditions. Any 
additional Paying Agents and their Specified Offices are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent and additional or 
successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member 
state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Bondholders. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds, as set out in the relevant Final Terms, having the same terms and 
conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
18. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices given through Euronext Securities Milan: Any notice regarding the Covered 
Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form, as long as the Covered Bonds are held 
through Euronext Securities Milan, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given 
through the systems of Euronext Securities Milan. 
(b) 
Notices in Luxembourg: As long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, any notice to Bondholders 
shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).  
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction 
any other method of giving notice to Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method 
is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered 
Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and provided that notice of 
such other method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall require. 
19. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds will be governed by Italian law. These Conditions 
and the related Programme Documents will be governed by Italian law, except for the 
Swap Agreements, which will be governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any 
dispute that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation 
or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be 
governed by the provisions of Law 130 and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and the Bank of Italy Regulations.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 The Organisation of the Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche 
issued under the Programme by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. is created concurrently with 
the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is governed by 
these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2 These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by a Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of a Paying Agent or under 
its control or have been blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released 
until a the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent which issued the same not less than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time 
fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered 
Bonds and notification of the release thereof by such Paying Agent to the Issuer and 
Representative of the Bondholders; 
(b) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has notified the relevant Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such 
Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and 
that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may 
not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a clearing 
system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of a Paying Agent for the purpose of 
obtaining from that Paying Agent a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 
8 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
"Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with article 83-quater of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act. 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of 
the votes cast; 
"Fitch" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating 
agency which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered 
Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant 
time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other 
entity of the Fitch group. 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds; 
"Liabilities": means all costs, charges, damages, expenses, liabilities and losses; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Moody's" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating agency 
which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or 
for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other entity of 
the Moody’s group. 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Bondholders of all Series and or Tranches, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules (i) to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take any action pursuant 
to Condition 12.2 (Issuer Event of Default), Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Event of Default) or to appoint or 
remove the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and  
Remuneration); or (iii) to take any other action stipulated in the Conditions or Programme Documents as 
requiring a Programme Resolution; 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to 
vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the relevant 
Paying Agent, or in the case of a proxy appointed under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch, Moody's and DBRS and each of them is a "Rating Agency";  
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the Programme 
Resolutions, collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond, Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or, if there is not exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreements have terminated, the 
applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Programme Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer 
of a Voting Certificate issued by a Paying Agent or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from 
time to time; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by a Paying Agent stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to such Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in 
respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds. 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons being 
or representing at least 75 per cent. of all the Bondholders who at any relevant time are entitled to 
participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places where the 
Paying Agents have their Specified Offices; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the 
Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a 
reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders; 
2.2.2 a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title of 
such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such 
party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any Programme Document or to 
which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent 
successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series or Tranches 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche shall form a 
separate Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative 
of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence 
and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series or Tranches) and 28 
(Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or Tranche. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
2.3.1 Articles 26 (Appointment, removal and remuneration) and 27 (Resignation of the Representative of 
the Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 24 
(Meetings and Separate Series or Tranches) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series or Tranche and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series or Tranche 
and, in such Articles, the expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Bondholders" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Bondholder, whatever Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders. 
3.2 The purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of 
the Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of 
the Bondholders. 
TITLE II MEETINGS OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 A Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its Euronext 
Securities Milan Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by 
the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
4.2 A Bondholder may also obtain a Voting Certificate from a Paying Agent or require a Paying Agent to 
issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Paying

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
Agent) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in a clearing system (other than 
Euronext Securities Milan) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3 A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered 
Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as 
Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holder), the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Paying Agent), and any Proxy 
named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by a Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be 
the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to 
which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
4.5 A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect 
of the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder 
shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Bondholders, at least 
24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the 
Bondholders so requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and 
satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each 
Holders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder 
shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be obliged to 
investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or 
any holder of the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation to a meeting for 
the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed by the 
holders of not less than five per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for the 
time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Bondholders and if the Issuer fails to convene such a 
meeting within seven days requisitioned by the Bondholders the same may be convened by the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the requisitionists. The Representative of the Bondholders may 
convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series or Tranche if in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series or Tranche, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply 
thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and the 
items to be included in the agenda.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative 
of the Bondholders. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21, or 5 in case of a Meeting convened in order to resolve to extend the Test Remedy Period 
pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Issuer Event of Default), days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered 
and of the day on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the 
Meeting, must be given to the relevant Bondholders and the Paying Agents, with a copy to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Bondholders, or with a copy 
to the Representative of the Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer, subject to Article 
6.3. 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates for the purpose of such 
Meeting may be obtained from a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with the 
provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
amended from time to time and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from a Paying 
Agent or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Covered Bonds must (to the satisfaction of 
such Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed under the control of such Paying Agent or blocked 
in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not complied with if 
the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are represented at such Meeting and the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the 
Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
 8.1.1 
the Representative of the Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed 
for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, 
the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the 
business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and 
determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist 
in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be 
Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per 
cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds the holders of which are entitled to 
attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Bondholders 
entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds so held or 
represented; 
9.1.2 in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution, two or more persons 
holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; 
9.1.3 at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation 
to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only  
to Article 32.4 (Obligation to act), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Guarantee or the Deed of Pledge (except in a manner determined 
by the Representative of the Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders of any Series or Tranche); 
(e) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and Modifications) and 32 (Waiver), 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or 
body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3;

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
(each a "Series or Tranche Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series or Tranche for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 
two or more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series or Tranche for the time being outstanding, 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Paying Agent has received evidence that 90 per 
cent. Covered Bonds are held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction so 
states then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder of the Covered Bonds 
thereby represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present: 
10.1 
if such Meeting was requested by Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
10.2 in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders 
otherwise agree) shall, subject to paragraphs 10.2.1 and 10.2.2 below, be adjourned to a new date no 
earlier than 14 days and no later than 42 days after the original date of such Meeting, and to such place 
as the Chairman determines with the approval of the Representative of the Bondholders provided that: 
 10.2.1 no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
10.2.2 the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders together 
so decide. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time 
and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have 
been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a 
quorum except that: 
12.1.1 10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which 
the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than 
those described in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; 
13.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; 
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; and 
13.6 any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of 
the Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
14.2 Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or 
rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the  
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or one or more Voters whatever the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A poll may be taken 
immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the 
election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of 
a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the 
terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
 16.1.1 on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 on a poll every Vote who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1,000 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another currency, such amount in 
such other currency as the Representative of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds it holds or represents.  
16.2 Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all 
the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting  
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or 
any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of such 
amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened 
which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it 
is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of a 
resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
18.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents 
and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to:

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
18.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Bondholders or any of them; 
18.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of the 
Representative of the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bondholders or any of them, whether 
such rights arise under the Programme Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or 
of any Programme Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 assent to any modification of the provisions of this these Rules or the Programme Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or of any 
Bondholder; 
18.2.4 in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove 
the Representative of the Bondholders; 
18.2.5 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the 
Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any 
other Programme Document; 
18.2.6 waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if relevant) 
any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Programme Document or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute an Event of 
Default; 
18.2.7 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Bondholders in compliance with 
these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme Document; 
18.2.9 to appoint any persons (whether Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of 
the Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the Bondholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents 
and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Bondholders to take any action pursuant to Condition 12.2(b) (Issuer Event of Default – Breach of other 
obligations) and Condition 12.3(c) (Guarantor Event of Default - Breach of other obligations) or to 
appoint or remove the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal 
and Remuneration) or to take any other action required by the Conditions or any Programme Document 
to be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is passed 
by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series or Tranche

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the 
case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series or Tranches. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting 
of the Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all 
Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed 
at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series and Tranches shall be binding on all 
holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series and Tranches, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Bondholders shall be published (at 
the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agents (with a copy to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of 
each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting. The Minutes shall be signed 
by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until 
the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman 
shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed, or proceedings 
transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 13 (Limited Recourse and 
Non Petition) and clause 10 (Limited Recourse) of the Guarantee, accordingly, if any Bondholder is 
considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights 
under the Guarantee (hereinafter, a "Claiming Bondholder"), then such Claiming Bondholder intending to 
enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Bondholders of 
his/her intention. The Representative of the Bondholders shall inform the other Bondholders of such 
prospective individual actions and remedies of which the Representative of the Bondholders has been 
informed by the Claiming Bondholder or otherwise and invite them to raise, in writing, any objection 
that they may have by a specific date not more than 30 days after the date of the Representative of the 
Bondholders notification and not less than 15 days after such notification. If  
Bondholders representing 5 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding object to such prospective individual actions and remedies, then the 
Claiming Bondholder will be prevented from taking any individual action or remedy (without prejudice to

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms of this Article). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES OR TRANCHES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series or Tranche the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
24.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the Covered 
Bonds of only one Series or Tranche shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a separate 
meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series or Tranches; 
24.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the Covered 
Bonds of more than one Series or Tranche but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the 
holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series or Tranche so affected shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series or Tranches so 
affected; 
24.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the Covered 
Bonds of more than one Series or Tranche and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or Tranche or group of Series or Tranches so affected 
and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or Tranche or group of Series or Tranches so 
affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche or group of Series or Tranches so affected; 
24.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Bondholders of all Series or Tranches; and 
24.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply as 
though references therein to Covered Bonds and Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of 
the Series or Tranche or group of Series or Tranches in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro in the 
case of any meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more 
than one currency (whether in respect of a meeting or any adjourned such meeting or any poll resulting 
therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered 
Bonds shall be the equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each 
person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such other euro amount as the Representative of 
the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Bondholders may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings 
and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative 
of the Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
TITLE III THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders takes place by Programme Resolution in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first Representative 
of the Bondholders which will be The Bank of New York Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the EEA or a bank incorporated in any other jurisdiction 
acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; or 
26.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the 
Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in article 2399 
of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Bondholders and, if appointed as 
such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of the Bondholders 
pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the 
Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the 
Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the 
Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment 
by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Bondholders an annual fee 
for its services as Representative of the Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial 
agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such 
fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of 
whatever Series or Tranche shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
The Representative of the Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months' 
written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the 
resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The 
resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) 
and such new Representative of the Bondholders has accepted its appointment. Provided that if 
Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Bondholders within three months of written notice 
of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of 
the Representative of the Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders 
and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Programme Documents in order to 
protect the interests of the Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders is responsible for 
implementing all resolutions of the Bondholders. The Representative of the Bondholders has the right to 
convene and attend Meetings (together with its adviser) to propose any course of action which it 
considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities 
vested in it by these Rules and the Programme Documents: 
28.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of the 
Bondholders; 
28.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Bondholders, whether by power of 
attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not 
all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
28.3.3 Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject 
to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Bondholders may 
think fit in the interest of the Bondholders. The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound to 
supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any 
extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part 
of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Bondholders shall use all 
reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions 
given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any 
renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give 
notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
The Representative of the Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Bondholders in 
any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Bondholders under these Rules and any 
other Programme Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Programme Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Bondholders shall have absolute 
discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Bondholders is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Bondholders has the right (but not the 
obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Bondholders' instructions as to how 
it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to 
request that the Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 
(Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Programme Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the Bondholders 
certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be 
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any 
other party to the Programme Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition to 
those expressly provided herein and in the Programme Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Bondholders: 
29.2.1 shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Event of Default, 
Segregation Event or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or 
remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Bondholders hereunder or under any other 
Programme Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Bondholders has actual 
knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Segregation Event, 
Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred;

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
29.2.2 shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the 
Programme Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor and each other party to the Programme Documents are duly observing and performing all 
their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 except as expressly required in these Rules or any Programme Document, shall not be under any 
obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these Rules or 
any other Programme Document; 
29.2.4 shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, suitability 
or genuineness of these Rules or of any Programme Document, or of any other document or any 
obligation or right created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, 
and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have 
any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(a) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or 
obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(c) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(d) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in the 
Cover Pool; and 
(e) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered 
Bonds; 
29.2.5 shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue 
of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by any 
credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of the 
Bondholders contained herein or in any Programme Document or any certificate, document or 
agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Programme Document; 
29.2.9 shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure 
in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part 
thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Bondholders or might 
have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not;

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person, with the exception of the  
Test Performance Report for the purposes of delivery of the notice; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from 
the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or verifying 
any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Programme 
Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Programme Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Bondholders of each Series or Tranche as a class 
of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular 
to individual Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Bondholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is 
of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series or 
Tranche would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion 
without the approval of such Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such 
Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of 
the relevant Series or Tranche then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, with respect to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Programme Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both 
the Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of the 
Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Bondholders; 
29.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested 
in it under these Rules or any Programme Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions 
herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against 
any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and 
against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules 
or any of the other Programme Documents shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or 
the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
29.2.19 shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or indirectly 
suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Bondholder, any Other Guarantor Creditor or any 
other person as a result of (a) the delivery by the Representative of the Bondholders of the certificate of 
incapability of remedy relating any material default of obligations pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Issuer 
Event of Default) and Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Event of Default) on the basis of an opinion formed by it

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
in good faith; or (b) any determination, any act, matter or thing that will not be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Bondholders as a whole or the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or Tranche. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, at any 
given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
29.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks 
in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its 
opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, 
or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liability which it may incur as a consequence of such 
action. The Representative of the Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to 
comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any written 
information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency or other 
expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or 
otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, 
certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or 
information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic 
and, when in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders to obtain such advice on any other 
basis is not viable notwithstanding any limitation or cap on Liability in respect thereof. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient 
evidence 
30.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a certificate 
duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2 that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor 
to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate 
unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Bondholders, even though it 
may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing 
of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the 
direction was not valid or binding upon the Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders 
The Representative of the Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may fully 
rely on the certificates issued by any Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to 
time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient evidence 
of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed 
on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the Bondholders considers appropriate, or 
any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout 
any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a 
particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Rating Agencies 
The Representative of the Bondholders in evaluating, for the purposes of exercising any power, 
authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or Tranche or of all Series for the time being 
outstanding, is entitled to consider, inter alia, the circumstance that the then current rating of the 
Covered Bonds of any such Series or Tranche or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be 
adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the Bondholders, in order properly to 
exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agencies 
as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of 
the Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Representative of the Bondholders may seek and obtain such 
views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
30.7 
Certificates of Parties to Programme Document 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the 
Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Programme Document, 
30.7.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
30.7.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 30.7.3 as 
to 
such 
party's opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect 
of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liability incurred 
as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of 
the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.8 
Auditors

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modifications 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and without the consent 
or sanction of the Bondholders of any Series or Tranche concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and 
any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the 
Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a Series or Tranche Reserved 
Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Bondholders, it may be expedient to make provided that the Representative of 
the Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any of the Bondholders of any Series or Tranche; and 
31.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which is of a formal, 
minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law, including Law 
130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and the 
relevant implementation;  
31.1.3 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Bondholders, is to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to 
the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders; and 
31.1.4 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which may reasonably 
deemed necessary in order to ensure that the Programme, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents comply and will continue to comply with the provisions referred to under article 
7-viciesbis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing regulation in order to use the “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)” label.  
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the Bondholders and, unless 
the Representative of the Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
31.3 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the  
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Bondholders considers 
it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to a certificate from the Joint-
Arrangers: 
(a) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Document; 
(b) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in 
any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
(c) 
stating the modification to the relevant Programme Document that is required to reflect 
such intention; 
and may be entitled to consider, inter alia, the circumstance that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to 
them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.4 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme 
Documents if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it 
may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without the consent or 
sanction of the Bondholders of any Series or Tranche and, without prejudice to its rights in respect of 
any subsequent breach, condition or event but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the 
Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche then outstanding shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Guarantee, these Rules, the Conditions or the other Programme 
Documents; or 
32.1.2 determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Programme Documents, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such authorisation or waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Bondholders may determine, shall be binding on all 
Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Bondholders so requires, shall be notified to the 
Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as practicable 
after it has been given or made in accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating to Notices 
and the relevant Programme Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 32 
(Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution, but so that no such 
direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained in by Guarantee, 
these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents or determine that any Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is indemnified

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing. 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, all documented costs, expenses, liabilities and claims incurred 
by or made against the Representative of the Bondholders (or by any persons appointed by it to whom 
any power, authority or discretion may be delegated by it) in relation to the preparation and execution 
of this Agreement or the other Programme Documents, the exercise or purported exercise of, the 
Representative of the Bondholder's powers, authorities and discretions and performance of its duties 
under and in any other manner in relation to this Agreement or any other Programme Documents 
(including, but not limited to, legal and travelling expenses and any stamp, issue, registration, 
documentary and other taxes or duties paid by or due from the Representative of the Bondholders in 
connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of 
the Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Documents, against the Issuer or the Guarantor for 
enforcing any obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Programme Documents), except insofar as the 
same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of 
the Representative of the Bondholders, shall be reimbursed, paid or discharged (on full indemnity basis), 
on demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Bondholders, by the 
Guarantor and the Issuer on the Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the date of request 
from funds available thereof in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules and save as otherwise provided in the Programme 
Documents the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or 
omitted in any way in connection with the Programme Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules 
except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted by the 
Guarantor to the Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The beneficiaries of the Deed of Pledge 
are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured Bondholders". 
35.2 
Rights of the Representative of the Bondholders 
35.2.1 The Representative of the Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Bondholders, shall be 
entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Secured Bondholders' interest and on 
their behalf, any amounts deriving from the pledged claims and rights, and shall be entitled to give 
instructions, jointly with the Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the pledged claims to make the 
payments related to such claims to the Programme Accounts or to any other account opened in the 
name of the Guarantor and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any amount 
deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to the Main Programme Account or to 
any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which is not in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be 
entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application 
of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the Deed of Pledge except in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
TITLE IV THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is 
entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the Representative of the Bondholders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the 
Other Guarantor Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise 
certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Bondholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to 
the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as 
mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor's rights under certain 
Programme Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to 
the relevant Programme Documents. 
TITLE V GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by 
the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]9 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
 
9  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Covered Bonds potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [∙] 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (the "Issuer") 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) due 
[Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") under the € 
20,000,000,000 Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 October 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the 
base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the 
Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. These Final Terms are available for viewing on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, 
[including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/) and on the website of the Issuer at [https://gruppomps.it/].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 19 January 2022, 
which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 12 October 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8(1) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 January 2022 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated 19 January 2022], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, [including 
the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/) and on the website of the Issuer at [https://gruppomps.it/].]

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[∙] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[∙] 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated, form a 
single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [Series [∙] Tranche [∙] Covered 
Bonds due [∙] issued on [∙], ISIN Code [∙]] on the 
Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a singles Series 
[∙] 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[∙] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[∙] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[∙] 
4.  
Issue Price: 
[∙] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [plus integral multiples of [●] (as referred to 
under Condition 3) 
(Include the wording in square brackets where the
Specified Denomination is €100,000 or equivalent 
plus multiples of a lower principal amount.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[∙] 
 
(iii) Rounding: 
[The 
provisions 
of 
Condition 
19 
apply/Not
applicable] 
6.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[∙] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify: Issue Date/Not applicable] 
7.  
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year)] 
8.  
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed
Amounts corresponding to Final Redemption
Amount under the Guarantee: 
[Not applicable for Series of Covered Bonds which 
shall become a Pass Through Series / Specify date
or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●] % Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- 
[Margin]% Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below in Sections 16,

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
17, or 18, as the case may be) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount 
[Instalment] 
11. Change of Interest: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
[Change of interest rate may be applicable in case
an 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
is 
specified 
as
applicable, as provided for in Condition 9(b)] 
12. Hedging through covered bond swaps 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
13. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put (as referred to in Condition 9(e))] 
[Issuer Call (as referred to in Condition 9(f))] 
[(further particulars specified 
below in 
paragraph [19] / [20])] 
14. [Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds [and Guarantee] [respectively]] 
obtained: 
 
 
[∙] [and [∙], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable (as referred in 
Condition 5)] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] % per annum payable in arrear on each Interest
Payment Date 
 (ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with  
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
[Following
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following
Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day
Convention/FRN 
Convention 
or 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention] [and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”][This is not however referred to in
the definition of “Business Day” contained in the
Terms and Conditions. Please check interaction 
between 
definition 
of 
“Business 
Day” 
and
“Additional Business Centre(s)”]/not adjusted] 
 (iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 (iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 (v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 (vi) [Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. Floating Rate Provisions 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable (as referred to in 
Condition 6]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[∙] 
 (ii) 
Specified Period: 
[∙] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not applicable") 
 (iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[∙] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not applicable") 
 (iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[∙] 
 (v) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified
Following Business Day Convention or Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day C
 (vi) Additional BusinessCentre(s) 
[Not applicable / TARGET / London/Luxembourg / 
Milan] 
 (vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 (viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest
Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying
Agent): 
[(Name) shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 (ix) Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [∙] month [EURIBOR] 
 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[[∙] / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[∙] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
(For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
Luxembourg 
time/Brussels time) 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For 
example, 
Luxembourg/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro) 
 (x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[∙] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
riskfree rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[∙][the first day of the Interest Period] 
 (xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][∙] % per annum 
 (xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[∙]% per annum 
 (xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[∙]% per annum 
 (xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. Zero Coupon Provisions 
[The provisions of Condition 8 /Not applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[∙] per cent- per annum 
 (ii) 
Reference Price: 
[∙] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Call Option 
[The provisions of Conditions 8(d) apply/Not 
applicable][Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(as

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
referred in Condition 9)  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[∙] 
 (ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
Covered Bonds and method, if any, of
calculation of such amount(s): 
[∙] per Calculation Amount 
 (iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount / not applicable] 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount / not applicable] 
 (iv) Notice period: 
[∙] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (as referred in 
Condition 9) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[∙] 
 (ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each
Covered Bond: 
[∙] per Calculation Amount 
 (iii) Notice period: 
[∙] 
20. Final Redemption Amount of Covered Bonds 
[∙] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(as 
referred 
in
Condition 9(a) [Note that the Final Redemption
Amount shall be equal to the principal amount of 
the Series]) 
 (i) 
Minimum Final Redemption Amount: 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount / not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Final Redemption Amount: 
[[∙] per Calculation Amount / not applicable] 
21. Early Redemption Amount 
 Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons 
or 
on 
acceleration 
following 
a
Guarantor Event of Default: 
[Not applicable / [∙] per Calculation Amount](as
referred in Condition 9) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not applicable / [∙]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates) 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION (Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify 
source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
Signed on behalf of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. 
By: 
Duly authorised] 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
/Other] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading 
on 
the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Other] with effect
from [∙]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[∙] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Obbligazioni 
Bancarie 
Garantite) to be issued [[have been rated]/[are 
expected to be]] rated: 
[DBRS: [∙]] 
[Moody's: [∙]] 
[Fitch: [∙]] 
[[Other]: [∙]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published
by the rating provider.) 
[DBRS] / [Moody's] / [Fitch] / [Others] are
established in the EEA and are registered under
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). [DBRS] / [Moody's] / [Fitch] /
[Others] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registeredand-certified-CRAs. 
[The rating [∙] has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [∙], which is established in the UK and

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").]  
[[∙] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 
(the "UK CRA Regulation ").] / [[∙] has not been
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it
has given to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Not applicable (if not rated)] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds 
General funding purposes of the Group. 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[∙] / [Not Applicable] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[∙] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR / specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from
[Reuters]/[∙]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM) LABEL 
European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium) 
Label 
in 
accordance with Article 129 of the CRR: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[∙] 
 
Common Code 
[∙] 
 
CFI: 
[∙], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (“ANNA”) or
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[∙], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (“ANNA”) or
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[Not applicable]/[∙]] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices for 
the purposes of Condition 18 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Bondholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day
on which it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream. 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
held in a form which would allow Eurosystem
eligibility (i.e. issued in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and wholly and
exclusively deposited with Euronext Securities 
Milan in accordance with article 83-bis of Italian
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as
amended, through the authorised institutions listed 
in article 83-quarter of such legislative decree) and
does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and
number(s)] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(A) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(B) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business address]

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names and business address] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Arranger: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business address] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/ Compliant with Regulation S under
the U.S. Securities Act of 1993] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable"
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does not 
constitute "packaged" products, or the Covered
Bonds do constitute “packaged” products and a KID
will be prepared in the UK "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" 
should 
be
specified.)

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, for general funding 
purposes of the Group.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
BANCA MONTE DEI PASCHI DI SIENA S.P.A. 
1. 
General 
BMPS was incorporated on 14 August 1995 as a joint stock company (Società per Azioni) under Italian 
legislation. On 23 August 1995 BMPS was registered with the Bank of Italy’s Register (No. 5274) and 
with the Companies Register (No. 00884060526). BMPS has its registered office in Piazza Salimbeni 3, 
53100, Siena, Italy (telephone number: +39 0577 294 111). BMPS’ duration is currently limited to 31 
December 2100 though this may be extended by shareholders’ resolution. The LEI code of BMPS is 
J4CP7MHCXR8DAQMKIL78. BMPS' website is https://www.gruppomps.it/en/.  
BMPS’s corporate purpose, as set out under article 3 of its by-laws, is as follows: "The purpose of BMPS 
is to collect and maintain savings and issue loans and credit, in various forms in Italy and abroad, 
including any related activity permitted to lending institutions by current regulations. BMPS can carry 
out, in accordance with the laws and regulations in force, all permitted banking and financial activities 
and any other transaction which is instrumental, or in any case linked, to the achievement of the 
company’s purpose." 
BMPS is the parent company of an Italian banking group operating throughout the Republic of Italy. 
BMPS Group offers a wide range of financial services and products to private individuals and 
corporations. The products and services include ordinary and specialised deposit-taking and lending 
including leasing and factoring; payment services (home banking, cash management, credit or debit 
cards and treasury services for public entities); and asset management (through joint venture), 
brokerage services and corporate finance (project finance, merchant banking, financial consulting). 
Pursuant to article 2497 and subsequent articles of the Italian Civil Code, the role of the parent 
company is carried out by BMPS which directs and coordinates the activities of its subsidiaries, including 
companies that, under current regulations, do not belong to the BMPS Group.  
BMPS has been a member of FTSE Italia Mid Cap since June 2018 with a share capital of Euro 
7,453,450,788.44 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. On June 1999, BMPS was listed on the Italian 
stock exchange. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Economy and Finance is BMPS’s 
majority shareholder. 
2. 
History  
BMPS, which is believed to be the oldest bank in the world, has been in continuous operation since 
1472, when the General Council of the Republic of Siena approved its original charter. The Bank, then 
known as “Monte di Pietà”, was originally established by the Republic of Siena for the purpose of 
providing a controlled source of lending for the local community and to fight usury. In 1624, the Bank 
changed its name to “Monte dei Paschi di Siena” after the paschi, the grazing fields owned by the Grand 
Duchy of Tuscany, which generated income that was pledged to support the Bank’s capital. Following 
the unification of the Republic of Italy, the Bank extended its activities beyond the immediate outskirts 
of Siena. However, significant expansion of the Bank’s activities occurred only after World War I, both 
geographically (with the opening of approximately 100 additional branches) and in terms of activities 
undertaken (with the commencement of various tax collection activities on behalf of national and 
regional governments). In 1936, the Bank was declared a public credit institution (Istituto di Credito di 
Diritto Pubblico) organised under a new charter, which, although modified during this period, remained 
in force until 1995.  
In 1995, the Bank was reorganised in accordance with Law No. 218 of 30 July 1990 (the “Amato Law”) 
and was incorporated as a Società per Azioni or joint stock company owned by Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena — Istituto di Diritto Pubblico (the “Foundation”). 
3. 
Major events  
a) 
2017-2021 Restructuring Plan

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
On 26 June 2017, the board of directors approved the Restructuring Plan, prepared according to the 
European legislation on State aid applicable to banks’ capital reinforcement measures in the context of 
the financial crisis.  
The Restructuring Plan which set out the assumptions for the Precautionary Recapitalisation and Capital 
Enhancement, together with the relevant implementing measures, was notified to the European 
Commission, which in July 2017 issued a positive decision on the compatibility of the intervention with 
the EU legislative framework. 
The Restructuring Plan furthermore listed a number of commitments made by the Italian State to DG 
Comp – as required by European legislation – with regard to several aspects of the Restructuring Plan, 
among which: 
- 
cost reduction: annual constraints in terms of number of branches, employees, cost/income 
and total operating costs, additional cuts up to a maximum of Euro 100 million in case the 
operating result targets (gross of LLPs) were not met; 
- 
disposals of non-strategic assets: disposal of foreign subsidiaries, disposal of a list of company 
stakes over the Restructuring Plan’s horizon, provided that the disposal price resulted in a 
capital neutral impact, and disposal of part of the Bank’s real-estate property; 
- 
contingency risk: in addition to the mentioned bulk deconsolidation of the most of the bank’s 
bad loan portfolio, strengthened risk control, limitations on trading activity in terms of value at 
risk and of the nature of the traded instruments; 
- 
prohibition to carry out transactions in connection with the acquisition of companies; and 
- 
a remuneration cap equal to 10 times the average salary of BMPS employees.  
 
A monitoring trustee, appointed by the Bank with the approval of DG Comp, was entrusted to verify the 
compliance with these Commitments on a quarterly basis. 
 
b) 
Precautionary Recapitalisation 
On 28 July 2017, the MEF, through a ministerial decree (the “Burden Sharing Decree”), ordered the 
application of the burden-sharing measures set out by article 22, subsections 2 and 4 of Decree 237, 
and the strengthening of the Bank’s capital for an amount equal to Euro 4,472,909,844.60 with 
issuance of 517,099,404 ordinary shares assigned to the holders of certain subordinated notes and 
other subordinated liabilities (the "Burden Sharing Notes"), which were converted into shares at the 
unitary price of Euro 8.65.  
On the same date, another ministerial decree (the “Recapitalisation Decree”) provided for the Bank’s 
Capital Increase for an amount equal to Euro 3,854,215,456.30, to serve the subscription of 
593,869,870 shares by the MEF executed on 3 August 2017 at the unitary price of Euro 6.49. 
On 11 August 2017, the capital increase transaction for a combined total of Euro 8,327 million was 
finalized. 
In addition to the above, the Bank also carried out a Public Offering for Exchange and Settlement 
pursuant to Decree 237 and provided for the purchase by the Bank, in the name and on behalf of the 
MEF, of the new shares assigned to former holders of Burden Sharing Notes pursuant to the Burden 
Sharing Decree. Following the completion of this transaction, the MEF’s ownership share of MPS 
increased from 52.184% to 68.247%. 
c) 
Partial, non-proportional demerger with asymmetric option from BMPS in favour of AMCO  
On 29 June 2020, the Board of Directors of BMPS and the Board of Directors of AMCO, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the MEF, approved the project related to the demerger relating to a compendium of NPEs, 
DTAs, other assets, financial debts, other liabilities and net equity, subject to certain conditions, first of 
all the positive scrutiny by the ECB. On 25 November 2020 the deed for the partial non-proportional 
demerger from BMPS in favour of AMCO with the granting of an asymmetric option to BMPS’ 
shareholders, other than the MEF, was executed following the assessment, by the Board of Directors of

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
BMPS, on the fulfilment of the conditions precedent which such demerger is subject to, including – in 
particular – the enrolment with the Companies’ Register of Arezzo-Siena of the deed for the partial 
demerger of MPS Capital Services in favour of the Bank which was executed on 19 November 2020, 
enrolled with such Companies’ Register on 20 November 2020 and effective as of 26 November 2020. 
The demerger transaction was effective (towards third parties) as of 1 December 2020. At the end of the 
exchange transactions, the MEF owned 64.23% of BMPS share capital, while BMPS directly and indirectly 
held 3.62% of its own shares. For more information in this respect, reference is made to the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements.  
On 4 October 2021, BMPS concluded the sale of 36,280,748 own shares (equal to approximately 3.62% 
of the share capital of BMPS), which had been initiated on 22 February 2021.  
d) 
2022-2026 Business Plan 
On 22 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BMPS approved the Business Plan 2022-2026. Through this 
plan, BMPS intends to strengthen its role as leading commercial bank in Italy with a clear and simple 
business model. The Business Plan 2022-2026 is centered around the following pillars: 1) achieve 
business model sustainability; 2) build a solid and resilient balance sheet; 3) tackle the legacy issues. 
For more information with respect to the contents of the Business Plan 2022-2026, reference is made to 
paragraph “2022-2026 Group Business Plan” of the section “Consolidated Report on Operations” of the 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and to the press release of the Issuer headed "Business Plan 
2022 – 2026 “A clear and simple commercial bank”", which are both incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.  
e) 
Transactions for the assignment of non-performing loans 
On 4 August 2022, BMPS, MPS Capital Services and MPS Leasing & Factoring S.p.A. entered into three 
agreements for the disposal of a NPL portfolio for more than Euro 0.9 billion as a further step in the 
implementation of the 2022-2026 Business Plan. The disposal has been completed by the end of 2022. 
In addition, on 3 August 2023 BMPS and Widiba entered into two agreements for the disposal of a NPL 
portfolio for more than Euro 0.2 billion. The legal transfer and consequent derecognition by the Group 
of the portfolio will take place in the last quarter of 2023. 
f) 
Completion of the share capital increase of Euro 2.5 billion with the full subscription of the new 
shares 
On 4 November 2022, BMPS announced that the capital increase, concerning no. 1,249,665,648 newly 
issued BMPS ordinary shares, is fully subscribed for the total amount of Euro 2,499,331,296. BMPS's 
new share capital is therefore equal to Euro 7,453,450,788.44, divided into no. 1,259,689,706 ordinary 
shares with no indication of par value. On 15 November 2022, the relevant statement pursuant to 
Article 2444 of the Italian Civil Code was filed with the Company Register of Arezzo-Siena in accordance 
with applicable law.  
For more information please refer to the press release of the Issuer headed "Completion of the share 
capital increase of euro 2.5 billion with the full subscription of the new shares" incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.  
g) 
Merger by incorporation of Consorzio Operativo Gruppo Montepaschi S.c.p.a. into BMPS 
 
On 2 December 2022, it was announced that, in execution of the resolutions passed on 10 November 
2022, respectively by the Board of Directors of BMPS and the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 
Consorzio Operativo di Gruppo (hereinafter the “COG”, a company wholly-owned by BMPS), BMPS and 
COG have entered into the merger deed relating to the merger by incorporation of COG into BMPS. The 
Merger is effective as of 5 December 2022, and as of 1 January 2022 with respect to the accounting and 
tax effects. 
 
h) 
Merger by incorporation of MPS Leasing & Factoring and MPS Capital Services into MPS

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
On 30 March 2023, the Board of Directors of BMPS has approved the merger by incorporation into BMPS 
of MPS Leasing & Factoring S.p.A. (“MPSL&F”) and MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
(“MPSCS”). 
On the same day, the extraordinary shareholders' meetings of MPSL&F and MPSCS were also held, which 
approved the respective mergers.  
The deed relating to MPSL&F merger has been executed on 20 April 2023 and such merger has become 
effective as of 24 April 2023 and as of 1 January 2023 with respect to the accounting and tax effects. 
The deed relating to MPSCS merger has been executed on 5 May 2023 and such merger has become 
effective as of 29 May 2023 and as of 1 January 2023 with respect to the accounting and tax effects.  
i) 
Shareholders’ ordinary meeting held on 20 April 2023 
On 20 April 2023, the shareholders’ ordinary meeting of the Issuer was held, inter alia, (i) to resolve the 
approval of the individual financial statements as at 31 December 2022 of the Issuer and the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements, (ii) to set the number of members of the Board of Directors at 15 
and (iii) to appoint the new members to the Board of Directors for financial years 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
For further details on the new members of the Board of Directors please refer to the “Management of 
the Bank” section below. 
j) 
Issuance of a new bond 
On 23 February 2023, BMPS successfully concluded the placement of a Euro 750,000,000 Senior 
Preferred unsecured fixed-rate bond issue with maturity in 3 years (repayable in advance after 2 years), 
intended for institutional investors. The issue represents a successful return of BMPS to the institutional 
market, more than two years after the last issue. 
3.1. Recent developments 
On 28 July 2023 the European Banking Authority (EBA), in cooperation with the European Central Bank 
(ECB) and the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). announced the outcomes of the EU-wide stress test.  
The 2023 EU-wide stress test does not contain a pass fail threshold and instead is designed to be used 
as an important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results of the stress test will 
assist the competent Authorities in assessing the Group's ability to meet the applicable prudential 
requirements under stressed scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2023-
2025). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 
2022 and a number of constraints to the profit and loss accounts. 
The results for BMPS, as reported in the EBA note, under the stress test methodology, do not consider 
the benefits – in terms of higher profits and additional capital – generated by the HR cost savings of 857 
million euro over the 3-year horizon, related to >4,000 staff exits concluded on 1st December 2022. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1%) fully loaded in 2025 as per the stress test exercise is equal to 
(the delta vs the level of 15.64% reported as at 31 December 2022 is presented in parentheses): 
Base scenario: 
18.61% (+297bps) rising to 19.83% (+419bps) considering the benefits of the above mentioned HR cost 
savings; 
Adverse scenario:

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
10.13% (-551bps) rising to 11.98% (-366bps) considering the benefits of the above mentioned HR cost 
savings. 
On 3 August 2023, the Bank signed an agreement for the disposal of NPEs for a gross book value of 
approximately Euro 0.2 billion to a group of Italian and foreign institutional investors. The 
deconsolidation of the loans is expected by year-end. 
3.2. On 29 August 2023 BMPS has successfully completed the issue of a Euro 500 million Senior 
Preferred unsecured bond with a 4-year maturity (callable after 3 years), placed to institutional 
investors, in line with the 2023 funding plan objectives and in compliance with MREL targets.SREP 
Decisions 
The Issuer, to the extent it exercises the banking activity and provides investment services, is subject to 
complex regulation and to the specific supervision of, among others, the ECB and the Bank of Italy, each 
for the relevant aspects of competence. In exercising supervisory powers, the ECB and the Bank of Italy 
subject the Issuer, on a periodic basis, to various investigation and/or verification activities, both 
ordinary and extraordinary, for the purpose of fulfilling prudential supervision duties.  
In particular, the ECB carries out the SREP at least once a year to verify that credit institutions have 
adequate capital and organisational control measures compared against the risks they take, ensuring 
effective risk management. Specifically, the SREP process is based on the following four pillars: (i) 
assessment of feasibility and sustainability of the business model; (ii) assessment of the adequacy of 
governance and risk management; (iii) assessment of capital risks; and (iv) assessment of liquidity risks. 
At the end of the annual SREP process, the supervisory authority expresses a decision (the “SREP 
Decision”) on quantitative capital and/or liquidity requirements together with any other organisational 
and control recommendations that credit institutions are required to comply with. 
3.2.1.  2022 SREP Decision 
On 27 December 2022 BMPS has announced it has received the 2022 SREP Decision of the ECB 
regarding the capital requirements to be respected starting from 1 January 2023. For 2023 ECB 
confirms srep capital requirements in line with 2022 and already complied with. Following the 
successful outcome of the Capital Increase for 2.5 billion Euros, the ECB also removed the ban on the 
distribution of dividends, replacing it with the obligation for the Bank to obtain prior authorization from 
the supervisory authority. In 2023 for the MPS Group - at consolidated level - a total SREP capital 
requirement (TSCR) of 10.75% is envisaged, which includes:  
• 
a minimum requirement of own funds - P1R of 8% (of which 4.50% of CET1); and  
• 
an additional P2R of 2.75%, which is at the same level that was required for 2022, to be held for at 
least 56.25% in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 - CET1 - and 75% in the form of Tier 1 capital.  
The overall minimum requirement in terms of total capital ratio, obtained by adding a CBR of 2.75% to 
the TSCR, is 13.50%.  
The overall minimum requirement in terms of CET 1 ratio is 8.80%, the sum of P1R (4.50%), P2R (1.55%) 
and CBR (2.75%); the overall minimum requirement in terms of Tier 1 is 10.82%, inclusive of P1R of 6%, 
P2R of 2.06% and CBR of 2.75%.  
The Bank's capital ratios at consolidated level as at 30 September 2022, taking into account the capital 
increase concluded on 4 November 2022 for approximately Euro 2.5 billion and the related costs, are 
equal to: 15.7% for Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 15.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 19.5% for the Total Capital 
ratio, calculated by applying the transitional criteria in force for 2022; 14.7% for the Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio, 14.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 18.5% for the Total Capital ratio, calculated by applying the fully 
loaded criteria. 
As regards P2G, it is confirmed at 2.50%, to be met with Common Equity Tier 1.

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
4. 
Ratings  
On 31 May 2023 Moody’s improved the outlook on long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt 
ratings from stable to positive affirming the bank’s ratings which were upgraded on 16 February 2023 
(i) by two notches the Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”) to “b1” from “b3”, the long-term deposit 
rating to “Ba2” from “B1”, and the subordinated debt rating to “B2” from “Caa1”; (ii) by three notches 
the long-term senior unsecured debt rating has been upgraded to “B1” from “Caa1”. 
On 17 May 2023, DBRS has upgraded the Bank’s ratings by one notch, upgrading the Intrinsic 
Assessment (“IA”) and the long-term senior unsecured debt to “BB (low)” from “B (high)”, and the long-
term deposit rating to “BB” from “BB (low)”. The subordinated debt rating has been upgraded by two 
notches to “B (low)” from “CCC”. The trend on all ratings is confirmed “stable”.  
On 24 November 2022 Fitch completed its annual review, resulting in the decision to upgrade the 
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (“IDR”) to “B+” from “B” and the Viability Rating (“VR”) to “b+” from 
“b”. The outlook has improved to “stable” from “evolving”. 
Ratings  
Agencies 
Long term 
rating 
Outlook 
Short term 
rating 
Outlook 
Last updated 
Moody’s 
B110 
Positive 
(P)NP11 
- 
31 May 
2023 
Fitch 
B+ 
Stable  
B12 
- 
24 
November 
2022 
DBRS 
BB (low)1 
Stable 
R-413 
Stable 
17 May 
2023 
 
5. 
Principal companies of the BMPS Group  
BMPS, as the parent company of the BMPS Group, performs the functions of policy, governance and 
control of the controlled financial companies and subsidiaries in addition to its banking activities. 
BMPS, as the bank that exercises the management and coordination activities of the BMPS Group, 
pursuant to the fourth paragraph of article 61 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act, issues, in the 
performance of the activities of management and coordination, instructions to the companies within 
the Group, including executing the instructions given by the relevant supervisory bodies and in the 
interest of maintaining the Group's stability. 
The list below sets out the main companies of the Group and their percentage ownership as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
10  
Senior Unsecured debt rating. 
11  
Pursuant to the rating scale of Moody’s Investor Service, “NP” rating refers to issuers rated “Not Prime”, i.e. that do not fall 
within any of the “Prime” rating categories. The short-term rating is on the issuance programme and is therefore provisional 
(P). 
12  
Pursuant to the rating scale of Fitch Ratings, “B” rating refers to minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to adverse changes in financial and economic conditions in the in short term. 
13  
Pursuant to the rating scale of DBRS, “R-4” rating refers to a short-term security (or to a short-term securities portfolio) with 
a highly speculative grade whose short-term redemption capacity is uncertain.

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
6. 
 BMPS Group Profile  
As at 30 June 2023, the BMPS Group is an Italian banking institution with approximately more than 3.6 
million customers, assets of Euro 120.8 billion (rounded) and significant market shares in all the areas 
of business in which it operates.  
Based on the agreement reached on 4 August 2022 with the trade unions for the management of about 
3,500 voluntary exits as of 1 December 2022, thanks to an early-retirement scheme and the activation 
of the sector’s Solidarity Fund, as at 30 June 2023 BMPS Group counts approximately 16,843 
employees following the exit of more than 4,000 resources.  
The Group’s main activity is retail banking which involves the provision of banking services for 
individuals such as financial and insurance products, financial promotion, wealth management and 
third entities’ securities offers. Other areas of business are: leasing and factoring; consumer lending; 
corporate finance and investment banking. 
Customers are divided by target segments to which an ad hoc service model is applied in order to best 
respond to the specific needs and demands expressed, and are served through an integrated 
combination of “physical” and “remote” distribution channels. 
The Group mainly operates in the Republic of Italy through, as at 30 June 2023, 1,362 branches, 127 
specialised centres, 109 Widiba financial advisory offices.  
The foreign network includes, as at 30 June 2023, an operational branch in Shanghai, eight 
representative office boards located in various “target areas” (Central-Eastern Europe, North Africa, 
India and China) and a bank under foreign law, Monte Paschi Banque S.A. in respect of which the Issuer 
has already resolved in 2018 to start an orderly winding-down process by setting up a plan in 
compliance with the provisions set out in Commitment no.14 "Disposal of Participations and business". 
Organisational structure  
Group overview 
The BMPS Group is a financial, credit, insurance, integrated and multi-market entity, characterised by 
an organisation based on: 
- 
a central direction and management coordination structure represented by BMPS as parent 
company of the Group, which also carries out operational activities on behalf of the 
commercial network; 
- 
a production structure dedicated to the development of specialist financial instruments to 
offer the market; 
- 
a distribution structure, consisting of the business units of both BMPS and Banca Widiba, with 
a network of financial advisors. 
The BMPS Group's operations focus on traditional retail and commercial banking services, with 
activities prevalent in Italy.  
The Group is also active in business areas such as leasing, factoring, corporate finance and investment 
banking. The insurance-pension sector is covered by a strategic partnership with AXA while asset 
management activities are based on the offer of investment products of independent third parties. 
The Group combines traditional services offered through the network of branches and specialised 
centres with an innovative self-service and digital services system enhanced by the skills of the Widiba 
financial advisor network. 
Foreign banking operations are focused on supporting the internationalisation processes of corporate 
clients in all major foreign financial markets.

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
BMPS Group is also present in specific non-banking business areas with the aim of directly controlling 
economic areas of particular interest, such as companies operating in the viticulture sector (MPS 
Poggio Bonelli) and the agricultural sector (Magazzini Generali). 
Intragroup transactions primarily regard the financial support from the Bank as parent company to 
other companies, outsourcing services relative to the auxiliary activities provided by the Bank as parent 
company (IT services, administrative services and property administration). 
The BMPS Group’s organisational structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. 
 
 
BMPS as parent company of the Group 
Through its Head Office, BMPS performs functions of direction, coordination and control over the 
Group’s companies, as part of the more general guidelines set out by the board of directors and in the 
interest of the Group’s stability. 
The monitoring and control functions (Chief Audit Executive department and Chief Risk Officer 
department) report to the Board of Directors, the business, governance and support functions, in 
addition to the compliance department, are directly supervised by the chief executive officer, 
strengthening the specialisation of the departments dedicated to the individual business segments. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is divided into the following structures reporting 
directly to the Chief Executive Officer: 
• 
the Chief Lending Officer department; 
• 
the Chief Commercial Officer Retail department; 
• 
the Chief Commercial Officer Corporate and Private; 
• 
the Chief Commercial Officer Large Corporate & Investment Banking; 
• 
the Chief Safety Officer department; 
• 
the Group General Counsel department; 
• 
the Chief Financial Officer department; 
• 
the Chief Operating Officer department; 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A.  
Monte Paschi Banque S.A. 
100%
Cirene Finance S.r.l.  60% 
 MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. 90% 
MPS Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 90% 
G.Imm.Astor S.r.l. 
(*) Subsidiaries under control “de facto” 
Direct control 
Indirect control 
Immobiliere Victor Hugo S.C.I. 
Monte Paschi Conseil France 
S.A.S. 
Monte Paschi Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Aiace Reoco S.r.l. in liquidazione 
Magazzini Generali Fiduciari di 
Mantova S.p.A. 
Wise Dialog Bank S.p.A. 
100%
Siena Mortgages 10 7 S.r.l. 
(*)
Siena PMI 2016 S.r.l. 10%
(*) 
Siena Mortgages 07 5 S.p.A. 
(*)
Siena Mortgages 09 6 S.r.l.  
(*)
Siena Lease 2016-2 S.r.l. 
(*)

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
• 
the Chief Human Capital Officer department; 
• 
the Chief Compliance Executive department; 
• 
the Communication staff;  
• 
the CEO and Regulatory Affairs staff; and 
• 
the Transparency Program staff.  
 
The organisational chart of the Bank’s head offices as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out 
below: 
 
 
 
7. 
 Funding  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group employs various sources of funding, on the domestic 
market and international markets, both from retail customers and qualified/institutional investors.  
Retail domestic funding is mainly composed by current accounts and time deposits, while institutional 
funding is mainly raised through public bond issues executed under dedicated programmes (“Euro 50 
billion Debt Issuance Programme” - Euro Medium Term Notes, for senior and/or subordinated notes 
and “Euro 20 billion Covered Bond Programme”, for covered bonds) and repurchase agreements (repo).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, outstanding issues under the Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme are equal to a total aggregate notional amount of Euro 5.46 billion (rounded); outstanding 
issues under the Programme, placed on the market, are equal to a total aggregate notional amount of 
Euro 4.5 billion (rounded). 
A significant funding source is also represented by ECB’s auctions guaranteed by assets pledged by the 
Bank within the limits and according to the rules established in the Eurosystem. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, ECB’s TLTROs III outstanding amount to Euro 5,5 billion, of which Euro 2,5 billion 
Chief Risk 
Officer 
Board of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
staff
Chief Audit 
Executive 
Board of 
Directors 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Chief 
Complianc
e Executive 
Chief Safety 
Officer 
Group 
General 
Counsel 
Transparency 
Program staff 
Communication 
staff 
CEO and 
Regulatory 
Affairs staff 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
Chief 
Lending 
Officer 
Chief 
Operating 
Office 
Chief 
Human 
Capital 
Officer 
 Chief 
Commercia
l Officer 
Retail 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
Corporate 
and Private 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer Large 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
maturing on 27 March 2024 and Euro 3 billion on 26 June 2024 while ECB’s MRO/LTRO amount, 
maturing weekly/quarterly, changes according to the Bank liquidity needs. 
8. 
Competition 
The BMPS Group faces significant competition from a large number of banks throughout the Republic 
of Italy.  
A period of consolidation has created larger, more effective and competitive banking groups. 
Competition in both deposit-taking and lending activities has intensified, contributing to the narrowing 
of spreads between deposits and loan rates.  
In attracting retail deposits and financing retail customers, the Bank primarily competes at the local 
level with medium-sized local banks, and to a lesser extent, with super-regional banks. The Bank’s 
major competitors in other areas of the Italian banking market are Italian national and super-regional 
banks, such as UniCredit, Intesa SanPaolo, Banco BPM, BPER and Credit Agricole Italia. 
Moreover incumbent fintech operators add competitive pressure in the domestic market in specific 
business areas (i.e. payment systems and liquidity management services). 
9. 
ECB/Bank of Italy and Consob inspections during the period 2019-2023  
9.1. 
 Verification activity on banking transparency 
On 7 October 2019, the Bank of Italy started a new inspection with the aim of verifying compliance with 
the transparency regulations and the fairness of the Bank's relationship with its customers. The audit 
ended on 21 January 2020. Meanwhile, based on the findings of the verification, the Bank launched an 
action plan, including refunds to customers, of which the Bank of Italy was informed.  
On 12 June 2020, the Bank of Italy presented its findings with an evaluation “predominantly non-
compliant” and notified a formal challenge of the sanctioning procedure for violations subject to 
administrative sanctions under article 145 of the Consolidated Banking Act. At the same time, with a 
note signed by the governor of the Bank of Italy, it was requested to supplement the remedial plan 
already started. 
On 11 August 2020, the Bank transmitted to the Bank of Italy its observations with regard to the audit 
report and its response to the decision to initiate the sanctioning procedure. At the same time a new 
remedial action plan was activated and completed by 31 December 2020. As a result of the remedial 
actions, the Bank refunded customers for a total amount of Euro 45 million (rounded), of which Euro 
4,6 million (rounded) referring to sums made available by means of a notice published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy and in two national newspapers. A follow-up plan of residual activities 
is currently being carried out.  
On 3 May 2021, the Bank was imposed a pecuniary administrative sanction of Euro 2.9 million, 
pursuant to article 144 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
On 6 July 2021, the Bank of Italy sent a further notice inviting the Bank to provide additions and 
clarifications regarding (i) the mechanisms adopted to ensure the timely delivery of the European 
standardised information sheet; (ii) the transfer of payment services; (iii) the remuneration of the credit 
lines; and (iv) the application of charges in the event of withdrawal from the current account. In 
September 2021, the Bank provided the expected clarifications. 
The new inspection activity that started on 7 October 2019 and ended on 21 January 2020 regarding 
the transparency matter mentioned above was also conducted with respect to Banca Widiba S.p.A.. Two 
of the Bank of Italy’s findings concerned Banca Widiba which, as the Bank did, launched and completed 
its own remedial action plan by 31 December 2020. 
The sanctioning procedure that involved the Bank did not involve Banca Widiba S.p.A.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
9.2. 
 Inspection activity on anti-money laundering 
In October 2021, the supervisory division of the Venice branch of the Bank of Italy carried out 
inspections at three BMPS branches, mainly aimed at investigating the operations of a number of 
cooperative companies subject to bankruptcy proceedings, which are active in the goods transportation 
sector.  
In August 2022, Bank of Italy communicated the findings of the anti-money laundering desk audit, 
which revealed some areas of weaknesses that resulted in the dependencies' lack of ability to intercept 
the overall phenomenon of cash transactions of cooperatives. The aforementioned weaknesses 
concerned the process of adequate verification and active cooperation, which need the strengthening 
of safeguards in order to identify, characterize and, consequently, address the objective and subjective 
elements of anomaly in the operations of cooperatives, referring both to corporate characteristics and 
modus operandi.  
The findings of the Supervisory Authority were duly taken into consideration, and the Bank's response 
letter, accompanied by the ongoing and planned corrective measures, and the contents of which were 
approved by the Board of Directors, was sent to the Bank of Italy on 20 December 2022. 
In November 2022, the Bank of Italy's Anti-Money Laundering Supervision Division II performed an 
inspection at Banca Widiba, aimed to verify the controls adopted by the Bank to mitigate the money 
laundering risks associated with the digital on-boarding process. 
In December 2022, the Bank of Italy communicated the outcome of the review, signaling some needs of 
strengthening. 
The findings of the Supervisory Authority were duly taken into consideration and the Bank's response 
letter, attached by the corrective measures included in the 2023 AML-CFT Plan and with its contents 
approved by the Widiba Board of Directors, was sent to Bank of Italy on 4 April 2023. 
9.3. 
 Bank of Italy inspection on advisory activities to customers in relation to investment diamonds  
In the context of the same inspection activity initiated on 6 June 2018, it is stated that the supervisory 
authority also provided the Bank with findings with regard to the reporting of investment diamonds to 
customers, carried out by the Bank until February 2017. With reference to these findings, it is specified 
that the Issuer provided timely responses to the supervisory authority within a letter dated 29 March 
2019. 
9.4. 
Inspection activity in relation to the IT Risk (OSI 3832)  
From 26 March 2018 to 26 June 2018, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site computer risk 
investigation (the “IT risk”). On 15 November 2018, a report was issued identifying 15 complaints with 
varying degrees of impact mainly relating to IT security areas, the execution by control functions, 
business continuity, the definition of IT strategies and the organization of development projects. It was 
found that the Group’s IT structure was adequate to support the requirements within the horizon of the 
Restructuring Plan. 
In August 2019, a follow-up letter was sent with recommendations associated with the deficiencies 
highlighted in the report. In April 2020, the Bank informed the ECB of the timely implementation of the 
recommended remedial actions. In addition, the Bank has implemented plans to improve IT security 
and is engaged in executing a multi-year data governance plan. 
9.5. 
 Inspection activity on legal risk (OSI 4125)  
In the period from 28 January 2019 to 26 April 2019, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site 
investigation involving legal risk. In November 2019, the ECB sent a report, which included 11 
observations on, inter alia, the handling of proceedings, litigation management aspects, and the 
monitoring of legal risk, the procedures for setting the provisions and the activities carried out by the 
internal control function.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
On 7 May 2020, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. The Bank completed 
the implementation of the recommendations by 30 June 2021, in line with the timetable provided by 
the ECB. 
9.6. 
 Inspection activity on interest rate risk inspection (OSI 3834)  
In the period from 24 June 2019 to 27 September 2019, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site 
investigation of Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (“IRRBB”). On 12 February 2020, the ECB sent the 
final version of the report, which included six observations relating to the management processes and 
rate risk quantification models. 
On 21 October 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. On 29 
November 2021, the Bank sent the ECB the action plan to address the recommendations made with 
clear evidence of the activities already in place. A number of initiatives aimed at strengthening the 
system of internal controls, internal quantification metrics, and the IRRBB risk measurement system 
have been completed throughout the year 2022, in accordance with the scheduled deadline.  
9.7. 
 Inspection activity on liquidity allocation and internal funds’ transfer pricing (OSI 4356) 
From 23 October 2019 to 29 January 2020, an on-site investigation was conducted on the liquidity 
allocation and internal transfer rate. On 16 September 2020, the ECB sent its report on the results of 
the investigation, which included 10 findings, mainly relating to the measurement of liquidity risk, data 
quality controls and the FTP framework, the latter being the set of methodologies that preside over the 
calculation of the TIT (i.e., the corporate internal rate at which funds are exchanged between business 
units and the unit that centrally manages interest rate and liquidity risk (the Centralized Treasury)). 
On 16 November 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. On 21 
December 2021, the Bank sent the ECB the action plan to address the recommendations made with 
clear evidence of the activities already in place. 
As of 30 March 2023 the Bank completed the implementation of all the expressed recommendations. 
9.8. 
Inspection activity on internal governance and risk management (OSI 4834)  
In February 2020, the ECB conducted an on-site investigation as part of the Bank’s internal governance 
and risk management processes. 
On 27 October 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations related to the 
compliance and internal audit processes. The remediation action plan was implemented by the first 
quarter of 2022, in line with the ECB’s deadlines. 
9.9. 
Investigation of the Management of the Credit Portfolio during the Pandemic  
By letter dated 4 December 2020, the ECB provided all banks with a guidance on the identification and 
measurement of credit risk in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the course of 2021, ECB 
investigations to verify the Bank’s operational capacity in credit management during the pandemic 
continued. With respect to this, a “Horizontal Targeted Review” was also conducted on the “Food and 
Accommodation Service” sector. The Bank subsequently informed the supervision of initiatives 
specifically dedicated to the supervision of credit risk during the pandemic. 
9.10. 
Internal Model Investigation (IMI-2022-ITMPS-0197502) 
In February 2022, the ECB conducted an on-site investigation to approve the application for 
authorization (submitted by the Bank to the ECB on 9 November 2021) for material changes to the 
credit risk models. The material changes relate to the adaptation of the AIRB models (PD and LGD) to 
the new regulatory reference legislation (EBA/GL/2017/16), to the resolution of observations from 
previous investigations and to the roll-out of the EAD parameter. The investigation activities ended on 
13 May 2022. On 01 March 2023 the Bank received the final decision letter from the ECB, with the 
approval of model change 2021. All the finding of the previous inspection on IRB models were 
considered as remediated; while an appropriate action plan has been developed to remediate findings

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
detected by IMI 0197502. The models were implemented into the Group’s management systems since 
February 2023 and that models were used starting the IQ 2023 regulatory reporting.  
9.11. 
Bank of Italy on-site inspection ECAF\IRB systems 
On 14 June 2023, the Bank of Italy reported the result “In Prevalenza Soddisfacente” of its inspection on 
“Utilizzo del sistema IRB di Banca MPS in ambito ECAF” that was carried out during the period 25-27 
January 2023. 
9.12. 
Supervisory assessment, implementation plan and ECB Thematic Review on climate and 
environmental risks 
In the first half of 2023, the Bank continued the implementation of the plan to integrate climate and 
environmental risks into the risk management framework, in line with the indications received from the 
ECB following a Thematic Review launched at the beginning of 2022, which expects to implement a set 
of remedial actions, according to specific deadlines up to the end of 2024. 
On 03 February 2023, the ECB sent to the Bank a letter relating to the results of the analysis conducted 
on the adequacy of the information provided on climate-related and environmental risks. This letter 
requests to further improve its information on climate and environmental risks, identifying suitable 
actions to address the shortcomings highlighted. On 17 March 2023, the Bank responded to the JST 
providing evidence of the improvements already implemented and those planned. 
On 19 September 2023, the ECB sent to the Bank the Decision on the risk identification process for 
climate-related and environmental risks (C&E risks), requiring further strengthening efforts related to 
the identification of material C&E risks, the monitoring of the impact of C&E risks on the business 
environment in which it operates and recommending to review the materiality assessment for liquidity 
risk. 
9.13. 
Credit and Counterparty Credit Risk Investigation Activity (OSI 0198380) 
On 19 April 2022, the ECB conducted a credit and counterparty risk investigation with the aim of (i) 
identifying and quantifying any deterioration effects on surveyed portfolios, (ii) verifying the IFRS 9 
provisioning model for the portfolios under consideration, (iii) review the credit classification and 
provisioning process. The inspection activity has been completed and the final inspection report was 
presented to the Bank in the exit meeting held on 20 December 2022. On 10 July 2023, the Bank 
received from the ECB the Follow Up Letter with the recommendations and the requests of remediation 
for each finding listed in the final report, following which the Bank responded by sending a remedial 
action plan. 
9.14. 
Residential Real Estate Targeted Review 
During the IVQ 2022 the Bank was included in a targeted review of the ‘residential real estate’ 
portfolio, with a focus on credit underwriting practices for newly originated loans. The exercise was 
carried out in several steps focusing on both qualitative and quantitative aspects. 
During the course of the IIH 2023 the Bank is expected to receive an Operational Act, including any 
findings and the related remedial actions. 
9.15. 
Internal Model Investigation (IMI 0227377) 
On 19 June 2023, the ECB started an internal model investigation with the purpose to assess the Bank’s 
application for the roll-out to the subsidiary WIDIBA of the credit risk model (corporate and retail) 
adopted by the Bank. The investigation was concluded during the month of August 2023, the Bank is 
waiting for the inspection report. 
9.16. 
IFRS9 Overlay Exercise 
In the course of the IIH 2022 the Bank took part in the EBA IFRS9 benchmarking exercise, with the aim 
of assessing whether the use of different modelling techniques can lead to significant inconsistencies

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
in terms of expected credit losses (ECL) amount that directly impacts own funds and regulatory ratios. 
Two major findings have arisen from the exercise, related to the governance of the management 
overlays process and the adoption of a collective stage assessment to complement the individual 
assessment. The Bank has started appropriate remedial actions. 
With respect to on-site inspections, failure to comply with the implementation of remedial actions 
within the required timeframe exposes the Bank to the risk of a negative assessment by the ECB, which 
may incorporate this assessment as part of the broader annual SREP assessment process, including 
applying specific requirements to achieve the target as necessary. With respect to internal model 
inspections, failure to comply with findings requirements exposes the Bank to the risk of penalties, 
limitations or RWA add-on requests. 
9.17. 
Consob inspection on certain profiles of the state of compliance with the new legislation 
resulting from the transposition of MiFID II  
From 3 May 2022 to 17 February 2023, a Consob inspection was carried out on BMPS, with the aim of 
ascertaining the state of compliance with the new regulations consequent to the transposition of MiFID 
II with regard to the following profiles: (i) the procedural arrangements defined in the field of product 
governance; (ii) the procedures for assessing the adequacy of transactions carried out on behalf of 
clients.  
As a result of the aforesaid inspection, on 28 July 2023, Consob, highlighting a context of substantial 
compliance with the regulatory framework and supervision by the control functions, convened a 
meeting, pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act, with the 
Managing Director of BMPS and the Head of the Compliance Function, in order to discuss certain 
profiles worthy of investigation and update emerged during the inspection. 
10. 
Legal Proceedings 
10.1. 
Judicial and arbitration proceedings  
Save as disclosed in this section, in the course of the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or 
threatened proceedings known to BMPS) which may have, or which had in the recent past, significant 
impact on the Bank’s financial condition or profitability. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there were various legal proceedings pending against the Bank, 
including civil, criminal and administrative actions.  
These proceedings mainly relate to the financial transactions carried out to fund the acquisition of 
Banca Antonveneta, various financial transactions carried out by the Bank to restructure the 
“Alexandria” notes and the “Santorini” transaction, previous capital increases carried out by the Bank in 
2008 and 2011 and the FRESH 2008 transaction. These events have resulted in also disciplinary 
procedures being filed by supervisory authorities against the management in office at the time of such 
events (which, should sanctions be imposed, would imply that the Bank will be held jointly liable with 
no certainty that the latter will be able to recover any amounts paid as a result of such obligation after 
the bringing of recourse actions) and certain legal actions brought against the Bank by consumer 
associations and individual investors who have subscribed for financial instruments in the context of 
the share issuances carried out by the Bank. This context also includes corporate liability lawsuits 
brought by the Bank against the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the General Manager in office 
at the time of events and suits for damages against Nomura and Deutsche Bank in connection with the 
restructuring of the “Alexandria” notes and the “Santorini” transaction, respectively.  
In addition to this litigation, there are also (i) disputes deriving from the Bank’s ordinary course of 
business, and concerning, inter alia, claw-back actions, compound interest, placement of bonds issued 
by Governments and companies that have defaulted, placement of other financial instruments and 
products, (ii) labour disputes, (iii) tax disputes and (iv) disputes in various manners related to the

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
Burden Sharing, please see paragraph 10.2.4 “Disputes relating to securities subject to the Burden 
Sharing” of section “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” of this Base Prospectus.  
It should be noted that, in accordance to IAS 37, the amount of petitum indicated includes all disputes 
for which the risk of economic resources disbursement deriving from the potential loss has been 
assessed as probable or possible and, therefore, does not include disputes for which the risk has been 
assessed as remote. 
On 30 June 2023, the following legal disputes and out-of-court claims were pending: 
• 
legal disputes with a petitum, where quantified, of Euro 4.1 billion (rounded). In particular: 
o Euro 2.2 billion (rounded) in claims regarding disputes classified as having a “probable” risk of 
losing the case; 
o Euro 1.9 billion (rounded) in claims attributable to disputes classified as having a “possible” 
risk of losing the case; 
• 
out-of-court claims totalling, where quantified, Euro 2.3 billion (rounded) of which Euro 1,8 
billion (rounded) related to claims classified at “probable” risk of losing the case and Euro 0.5 
billion (rounded) related to claims classified at “possible” risk of losing the case. 
The overall petitum for tax proceedings of the Group is equal to Euro 40.0 million (rounded) while the 
overall petitum relating to the passive labour proceedings is equal to Euro 68.0 million (including the 
labour proceedings brought by certain employees of Fruendo S.r.l.) almost entirely relating to the 
Bank. 
Allocations to the “provision for risks and charges” have been made for amounts representing the best 
possible estimate relating to each dispute, quantified with sufficient reasonableness and, in any case, 
in accordance with the criteria laid down by the Bank’s policies. 
The components of the overall “provision for risks and charges” include, in addition to the allocations 
provided for “legal and tax disputes”, allocations versus expected losses on estimated disbursements 
for client complaints.  
The estimate of liabilities is based on the information available from time to time and implies in any 
case, several uncertain factors characterising the different judicial proceedings, and multiple and 
significant evaluation elements. In particular, it is sometimes not possible to produce a reliable 
estimate as an example and without limitation in case of proceedings that have not been instituted, in 
case of possible cross-claims or in the presence of uncertainties in law or in fact such as to make any 
estimate unreliable.  
Accordingly, although the Bank believes that the overall “provision for risks and charges” posted in the 
Financial Statement should be considered adequate in respect of the liabilities potentially consequent 
to negative impacts, if any, of the aforementioned disputes, it may occur that the provision, if any, may 
be insufficient to fully cover the charges, expenses, sanctions and compensation and restitution 
requests associated with the pending proceedings or that the Group may in the future be called to 
satisfy compensation and restitution costs and obligations not covered by provisions, with potential 
negative impact on the business and the economic, capital and/or financial condition of the Bank 
and/or the Group. 
For more information in this respect, reference is made to the paragraph “Main types of legal, 
employment and tax risks” of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and paragraph “Main types 
of legal, employment and tax risks” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report.  
10.2. 
Disputes related to criminal investigations and legal affairs in 2012 and 2013  
Following the aforementioned criminal investigations involving the Bank in 2012 and 2013, several 
criminal, sanctioning and civil proceedings were instituted by judges, supervisory authorities, the Bank 
itself, consumer associations and investors.

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and some of its representatives (including the 
former), are involved in several criminal proceedings and/or, according to the Issuer's knowledge, 
subject to investigations by the competent authorities for possible profiles of liability related to various 
criminal offences concerning banking operations, including, for example, those relating to the 
verification of liability of potential hypothesis of usury offence as referred to in article 644 of the 
Criminal Code. 
Moreover, from time to time, directors, representatives and employees, including former directors, 
representatives and employees, may be involved in criminal proceedings arising from disputes 
connected with the performance of their activities at the Bank. The Bank is not entitled to know or 
communicate details of these proceedings. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, although such criminal proceedings have not negatively affected 
the Bank's income statement, balance sheet and/or financial position, there is a risk that, if the Bank 
and/or the other companies of the Group, or their representatives (including the former), are convicted 
following a finding of violating provisions that result in criminal liability, such event may have an 
impact, significant or otherwise, on the reputation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
The Bank’s position in respect of such proceedings is aligned with the principles of business and 
managerial discontinuity which influenced the renovation actions undertaken by the management 
which took over from the previous management in office at the time of the events. These were aimed 
at identifying the best initiatives for the protection of the Bank, its assets and its image thereof, even 
through taking direct legal actions against the former top executives. 
In particular, following the criminal investigations involving the Bank in 2012 and 2013, several 
criminal, sanctioning and civil proceedings were instituted by judges, supervisory authorities, 
consumer associations, investors and the Bank itself. In this regard, it is worth highlighting that the 
Bank has been involved in three criminal proceedings (identified as no. 29634/14, no. 955/16 and no. 
33714/20), summarized and described below. 
For more information in this respect, reference is made to the paragraph “Main types of legal, 
employment and tax risks” of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and paragraph “Main types 
of legal, employment and tax risks” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report. 
10.3. 
Criminal investigations and proceedings 
(A) 
Criminal proceedings no. 29634/14 
With respect to the criminal proceeding related to the structured term repurchase agreements for the 
“Alexandria” and “Santorini” transactions that the Bank entered into with Nomura International PLC 
(“Nomura”) and Deutsche Bank AG, the criminal acts alleged to have been committed by the persons 
under investigation are related to the financial statements as of 31 December 2009, 2010, 2011 and 
2012 and the balance sheets as of 31 March 2012, 30 June 2012 and as of 30 September 2012.  
During March 2016, this proceeding was combined with the other criminal proceedings pending before 
the Court of Milan relating to the “Santorini”, “FRESH 2008” and “Chianti Classico” transactions. With its 
order of 13 May 2016, the Milan Court of the Preliminary Hearing (“GUP”) admitted the filing and the 
admissibility of claims made by civil parties against entities already party to the proceedings pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree n. 231/2001. 
On 2 July 2016, with the consent of the public prosecutor’s office, the Bank submitted a plea agreement 
in the criminal proceedings before the GUP in response to the prosecutor’s charges relating to 
compliance with Italian Legislative Decree n. 231/2001.

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
Following the plea bargain, the Issuer’s position was removed, limiting the consequences to a pecuniary 
administrative sanction of Euro 600 thousand and a confiscation of Euro 10 million, without exposing 
itself to the risk of greater penalties.  
During the proceedings, by order of 6 April 2017 the Court of Milan decided on the requests for the 
exclusion of civil parties submitted by the defence teams of the defendants and the civilly liable parties, 
excluding several civil parties. In addition, the claim of damages as a civil party by the Issuer against 
Giuseppe Mussari, Antonio Vigni, Daniele Pirondini and Gian Luca Baldassarri was also excluded on the 
assumption of its contributory liability with respect to some defendants.  
On 8 November 2019, the Court read the conclusion of the ruling in first instance by convicting all 
defendant natural persons, and pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001, the legal persons of 
Deutsche Bank AG and Nomura International PLC. The reasons were filed on 12 May 2020.  
The Issuer, as civilly liable party (not accused pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 as a result of a 
previous plea bargaining) was convicted – jointly with the accused natural persons and the two foreign 
banks – and ordered to pay damages to the civil parties still making an appearance, to be settled in 
separate civil proceedings, the Court having rejected the request to make an amount available on a 
provisional and immediately enforceable basis, pursuant to article 539 of the Italian Code of Criminal 
Procedure.  
The Issuer filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal of Milan against the ruling of first instance, as the 
civilly liable party, jointly and severally liable with the defendants. The first hearing of the appeal 
judgment was held on 2 December 2021 where some civil parties revoked their appearance as a result 
of the transactions that took place with the Issuer.  
On 6 May 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan, Second Criminal Division, acquitted all the defendants in 
the trial with a broad formula, highlighting that the “there is no case to answer” On 16 November 2022, 
an appeal was lodged with the Court of Cassation by both the Attorney General's Office at the Court of 
Appeal of Milan and Consob. The appeals will be discussed at the hearing on 11 October 2023 before 
the V Criminal division of the Court of Cassation. 
Proceedings before the Court of Milan no. 13756/2020 
This criminal proceeding originates from the transmission of the documents to the Milan Public 
Prosecutor's Office ordered in the first instance ruling in criminal trial no. 29634/14, as, during the 
hearing of oral arguments, relevant elements and circumstances emerged against two former managers 
of the Issuer not involved in criminal proceedings no. 29634/14 regarding the construction, completion 
and accounting of the FRESH, Santorini and Alexandria transactions.  
It should be remembered in this regard that, as mentioned previously, on 6 May 2022 the Court of 
Appeal of Milan acquitted all the defendants in criminal proceedings no. 29634/14 with a broad 
formula, highlighting that the “there is no case to answer”.  
As part of criminal proceedings no. 13756/20, CONSOB filed an action as aggrieved party in criminal 
proceeding which requested and obtained, with the authorisation of the Preliminary Hearing Judge of 13 
February 2023, the summons of the Bank as civilly liable party pursuant to article 2049 of the Italian 
Civil Code for the offence of market manipulation, with reference to the financial statements relating to 
the years 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and the accounting situations as at 31 March, 30 June and 30 
September 2012 challenged to the aforementioned former executives, with a claim for damages to be 
quantified during the trial. At the hearing on 4 May 2023, the Issuer appeared in proceedings as a civilly 
liable party. The Court adjourned the proceedings to the hearing of 14 September 2023 pending the 
Court of Cassation hearing date for the main proceedings no. 29634/14, Court of Milan.

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
(B) 
Proceedings before the Court of Milan no. 955/2016  
On 12 May 2017 the committal for trial of the representatives Alessandro Profumo, Viola Fabrizio and 
Salvadori Paolo was requested within new criminal proceedings before the Court of Milan, in which they 
were charged with false corporate disclosures (article 2622 of the Italian Civil Code) in relation to the 
accounting of the “Santorini” and “Alexandria” transactions with reference to the Issuer’s financial 
statements, reports and other corporate communications from 31 December 2012 to 31 December 
2014 and with reference to the half-yearly report as at 30 June 2015, as well as market manipulation 
(article 185 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998) in relation to the disclosures to the public 
concerning the approval of the financial statements and the balance sheets specified above.  
Following the formalisation of the appearance before the court by the Issuer, the Public Prosecutor 
requested the issue of a pronouncement of acquittal because there is no case to answer or because the 
act does not constitute an offence depending on the charge in question. On the outcome of the hearing, 
the schedule was updated on 13, 20 and 27 April 2018 for the continuance of discussion and the 
possible issue of the final ruling of the preliminary hearing.  
Following the outcome of the preliminary hearing, the Preliminary Hearing Judge found no grounds for a 
decision not to proceed to judgement and ordered the committal for trial of the defendants, natural 
persons (Messrs. Viola, Profumo and Salvadori) and the Issuer (as entity liable pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 231/2001). Only Mr Salvadori was found not to be subject to proceedings for the 
charge pursuant to article 185 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998.  
At the hearing on 16 June 2020, following the indictment, the representatives of the Public Prosecutor’s 
office requested the acquittal of the defendants.  
On 15 October 2020, the Court of Milan read the conclusion of the ruling of first instance, registered 
under number 10748/20, sentencing all accused natural persons and the Issuer pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 231/2001. The reasons were filed on 7 April 2021.  
In its reasons, the Court analysed the conduct with which the defendants were charged with reference to 
the incriminating circumstances pursuant to article 2622 of the Italian Civil Code (false disclosure) and 
pursuant to article 185 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (market manipulation) and 
confirmed the grounds of the administrative offences with which the Issuer was charged pursuant to 
articles 5, 6, 8 and 25 ter, letter b) of Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001, limited to the offence of 
false disclosure in relation to the 2012 financial statements and the 2015 half-yearly report, as well as 
pursuant to articles 5, 8 and 25 sexies of Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001 due to market 
manipulation relating to press releases concerning the approval of the financial statements as at 31 
December 2012, 31 December 2013, 31 December 2014 and the half-yearly report as at 30 June 2015, 
imposing an administrative fine of Euro 0.8 million.  
With reference to the Issuer’s position as civilly liable party, the grounds of the ruling explained the 
reasons for the generic sentencing to provide compensation for damages based on which demands for 
relief from civil parties may be accepted, pursuant to article 2049 of the Italian Civil Code, in separate 
civil proceedings.  
The Issuer filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal of Milan against the ruling of first instance, as the 
civilly liable party, jointly and severally liable with the defendants, having administrative liability under 
Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001.  
In addition, an appeal was also ledged not only by the defendants but also by the counsels for the 
defence of some civil parties, while 27 civil parties, withdrew their appeal. At the first hearing held on 
31 March 2023 before the second criminal division of the Court of Appeal of Milan, the General Public 
Prosecutor and some civil parties discussed and presented written conclusions. At the subsequent

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
hearings held on 6 April 2023, 28 April 2023, 19 May 2023 and 16 June 2023 the remaining appellant 
and non-appellant civil parties, the counsels of the defendants and the civilly liable party discussed and 
submitted written conclusions.  
The court adjourned the discussion until 27 October 2023, for replies. 
(C) 
Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 interim financial statements in respect of the Non-
performing loans– Criminal Proceeding 33714/2016  
In relation to criminal proceeding no. 33714/16 pending before the Milan Attorney General’s Office, 
the Issuer was originally implicated as administrative manager pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 
231/2001 in connection with an allegation of false corporate communications (pursuant to article 
2622 of the Italian Civil Code) relating to the 2012, 2013, 2014 Financial Statements and the 2015 
half-yearly report due to the alleged overstatement of so-called non-performing loans.  
On 4 May 2018, the Issuer’s position was dismissed by the Public Prosecutor's Office due to the 
groundlessness of the crime (a measure also confirmed by the General Prosecutor's Office on 15 March 
2019).  
On 25 July 2019, the Preliminary Investigations Judge of the Court of Milan, on the one hand, 
acknowledged the dismissal of the proceedings against the Issuer, as the liable entity pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 (moreover, the Issuer had also taken on the role of injured party in 
the proceedings) and, on the other hand, ordered the continuation of the investigations of the 
defendant natural persons (i.e. chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO and pro-tempore Chairman of 
the Board of Statutory Auditors) thus rejecting the Public Prosecutor's request for the case to be 
dismissed (supported by a detailed expert report prepared in the interest of the Public Prosecutor's 
Office). The investigations continued in the form of an evidence gathering procedure (in which the 
Issuer did not participate) during which two experts were appointed by the Preliminary Investigations 
Judge, who, on 30 April 2021, filed their report. The questions posed to the experts mainly concerned 
the verification of the correctness and timeliness of the adjustments to non-performing loans recorded 
by the Issuer in the period from 2012 to 2017 in compliance with the accrual principle and the other 
accounting standards in force at the time of the events.  
The conclusions of the experts (which contradicted those of the experts initially called upon by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office) were then included in the notice of conclusion of the investigation.  
At the hearing on 8 June 2021, the evidence gathering procedure was closed and the Preliminary 
Investigations Judge forwarded the documents to the Public Prosecutor's Office assigning it a deadline 
of 45 days to carry out any further investigations and make their determinations.  
As part of this further investigation phase, the Public Prosecutor ordered two new technical 
consultations. In particular, on 16 November 2021, the Public Prosecutor instructed two additional 
consultants to review the documentation related to the 100 positions for which the ECB, in the context 
of the 2015-2016 inspection, had indicated the greater difference between the provisions set aside by 
the Bank and those indicated by the same Supervisory Authority, in order to identify the actual effect of 
such deviation.  
This analysis was concluded with the preparation of further technical advice. The Public Prosecutor's 
consultants, while finding some alleged accounting errors, came to different conclusions from those of 
the expert report ordered by the Preliminary Investigations Judge in 2020 on the same credit positions.  
In addition, the Public Prosecutor instructed two officials of the Bank of Italy to review the effects on 
regulatory capital of major adjustments to non-performing loans that the Bank would have had to 
make in the financial years covered by the above-mentioned 2020 report. In this case, too, the two 
appointees have filed their own expert opinion.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
On 25 February 2022, the Preliminary Investigations Judge informed the defendants of the extension of 
the deadline for the conclusion of the investigation (until 31 May 2022) requested by the Public 
Prosecutor.  
On 16 September 2022, a notice was received concerning the conclusion of preliminary investigations 
pursuant to article 415-bis of the Code of Criminal Procedure against three former members of the 
Issuer (two Chairmen of the Board of Directors and one Chief Executive Officer) and a former Executive 
manager (responsible for the preparation of corporate accounting documents). Despite the previous 
dismissal, the Issuer also received the same notice as party bearing administrative liability pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 231/01. On 14 December 2022, a request for committal for trial was issued 
against the aforementioned exponents and the former Executive manager; on 12 December 2022, the 
Issuer’s position as administrative manager pursuant to 231 Model was instead eliminated.  
The natural persons are charged with the offences of false corporate communications (pursuant to 
article 2622 of the Italian Civil Code) and market manipulation (pursuant to article 185 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 58/1998) with reference to the 2013-2014-2015 Financial Statements and the 
2015-2016 half-yearly reports, as well as of false accounting statements (pursuant to article 173-bis 
of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998) in relation to the 2014-2015 prospectuses.  
According to the charges, in the above-mentioned corporate communications, the defendants 
allegedly posted adjustments relating to non-performing loans in violation of accounting standards, 
thereby misrepresenting the economic and financial position of the Issuer. According to the 
accusation, this misrepresentation was also reflected in the communications and statements 
contextually released by the Issuer.  
The Bank, as party bearing administrative liability still under investigation despite the withdrawal order 
mentioned above, is charged with the administrative offences under articles 5, 6, 7, 8 and 25-ter, 
letter b) and 25- sexies of Legislative Decree no. 231/2001, arising from the aforementioned cases of 
false corporate communications and market manipulation.  
At the first preliminary hearing held on 12 May 2023, more than 4,000 civil parties entered an 
appearance as aggrieved party. The preliminary hearing continued on 26 June 2023, when new civil 
parties appeared, for a total number of over 5,000 parties. Consob and Bank of Italy did not appear as 
civil parties. Almost all the civil parties requested the summoning of the Issuer as civilly liable party.  
At the hearing on 26 June 2023, the Judge ruled that no further appearance as civil parties would be 
admitted. Furthermore, considering that the full scanning by the court’s clerk of documents filed at the 
hearing of 12 May, had been made available only on 23 June 2023, considering also the additional set 
of documents filed at the hearing of 26 June 2023, in order to allow the defendant to exercise their 
right, the Judge postponed the hearing previously scheduled for 10 July and 18 September 2023, to 10 
November and 1 December 2023.  
For the same reasons, the Judge of Preliminary Hearing reserved the right to decide on the filing of the 
decree to summon the civilly responsible party, which has been filed by 19 September 2023. 
 
10.4. 
Civil Proceedings  
a) 
Litigation and Out-of-Court Requests Related to Financial Information Disseminated in the 2008-
2015 period  
The Bank is exposed to civil proceedings, the effects of judgments arising from criminal proceedings 
(29634/14, 955/16 and 33714/16) and out-of-court requests with regard to financial information 
disseminated in the period from 2008 to 2015. On 30 June 2023, the overall petitum in relation to 
disputes and out–of-court claims related to financial information distributed in the 2008-2015 period, 
amounted to Euro 4,1 billion (rounded). Specifically Euro 1.8 billion (rounded) of the civil proceedings 
related to the suits brought by the shareholders in the context of 2008, 2011, 2014 and 2015 capital

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
increases, of which Euro 0.27 billion requested by civil claimants, where quantified, related to the 
criminal proceedings no. 29634/14 and no. 955/16. 
The detailed analysis of the grounds of the verdict and the breadth of the acquittal of all defendants, 
resulted in the reclassification, since the third quarter of 2022, of the risk of losing from “likely” to 
“possible” for legal disputes (of which Euro 741 million refers to Caltagirone Group), civil actions in 
criminal proceedings 29634/14 and out-of-court claims concerning disputes relating to the 2008-2011 
period.  
As at 30 June 2023, litigation and out-of-court claims concerning period after 2011 were reclassified to 
“likely” risk following the ruling of 15 October 2020 concerning criminal proceedings 955/2016 and 
those connected to criminal proceedings 33714/2016. 
Instead, with reference to out-of-court claims classified as “likely” risk of losing the case, in order to 
take into account the probability of their transformation into real disputes, the provisions were 
determined by applying an experiential factor, in line with the Issuer policies for similar cases, to 
requests made by the opposing parties.  
In any case, the Issuer has exercised the possibility granted by IAS 37 of not providing disclosures on 
the provisions allocated in the accounts since it believes that such information could seriously 
jeopardise its position in disputes and in potential settlement agreements. 
(i) 
Legal dispute Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. / the holders of FRESH 2008  
Some holders of FRESH 2008 securities maturing in 2099, with writ of summons served on 15 November 
2017, initiated proceedings against the Issuer, the company Mitsubishi UFJ Investors Services & Banking 
Luxembourg SA (which replaced the Issuer in issuing the bond loan Issuer of New York Mellon 
Luxembourg), the British company JP Morgan Securities PLC and the American company JP Morgan 
Chase Bank N.A. (which entered into a swap agreement with the bond loan issuer) so that: (i) the 
inapplicability of the Burden Sharing Decree to the holders of the FRESH 2008 Securities and, 
consequently, to hold that the said bonds cannot be forcibly converted into shares, (ii) the validity and 
effectiveness of the said bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions of their issue be affirmed 
insofar as they are governed by Luxembourg law, and, finally, (iii) it is declared that the Issuer is not 
entitled, in the absence of the conversion of the FRESH 2008 Securities, to obtain from JP Morgan the 
payment of Euro 49.9 million to the detriment of the holders of the FRESH 2008 Securities. The Court of 
Luxembourg, by order of 11 January 2022, dismissed the requests made by the Issuer to stay the 
proceedings until the ruling of the international courts with regard to the preliminary objections raised 
by the Issuer; on the other hand, it upheld the plea of lack of jurisdiction of the court before which the 
case was brought in relation to the claim concerning the usufruct contract entered into by the Issuer 
with JP Morgan Securities PLC and JP Morgan Chase in the context of the 2008 share capital increase 
transaction. In relation to the aforementioned usufruct contract, the Luxembourg Court has reserved its 
judgement pending the decision of the Italian Court and, on the contrary, has declared its jurisdiction in 
relation to the swap contract entered into by the Issuer with the same counterparties in the context of 
the 2008 capital increase transaction.  
It is noted that, following the start of the proceedings in question by the holders of the FRESH 2008 
Securities, the Issuer, on 19 April 2018, brought a legal action before the Court of Milan against JP 
Morgan Securities Ltd JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A. London Branch, as well as the representative of the 
FRESH 2008 securities holders and Mitsubishi Investors Services & Banking (Luxembourg) S.A. to 
ascertain that the Italian Judge is the only one with jurisdiction and competence to decide about the 
usufruct contract and the company swap agreement signed by the Issuer with the first two defendants in 
the context of the operation of the share capital increase in 2008. Consequently, the Bank asked:

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
• 
to ascertain, pursuant to Article 22, paragraph 4 of Decree 237 of 23 December 2016, the 
ineffectiveness of the usufruct contract and the company swap agreement that provide for 
payment obligations in favour of JP Morgan Securities PLC and JP Morgan Chase Bank NA;  
• 
to ascertain the ineffectiveness and/or termination and/or settlement of the usufruct contract or, 
in the alternative;  
• 
to ascertain the termination of the usufruct contract due to the capital deficiency event of 30 June 
2017.  
The first hearing was held on 18 December 2018 and the Investigating Judge, considering the 
prejudicial nature of the issue of jurisdiction raised by the defendants, in view of the fact that a dispute 
is pending before the Luxembourg Court involving the same relief sought and the same cause, had 
granted the parties terms to reply only to the procedural objections and adjourned the hearing to 16 
April 2019 for assessment of the disputed issue. At the subsequent hearing on 2 July 2019, the case 
was held over for decision and by order of 2 December 2019, the Court of Milan ordered the 
proceedings to be suspended pending the decision of the aforementioned Luxembourg Court. Against 
this order, the Issuer had filed a petition with the Court of Cassation for the referral to a different 
competent court. The court has rejected the petition of the Issuer with ruling dated 31 March 2021. 
Fresh bond holders appealed the first instance ruling by the Luxembourg Court. The notice of appeal 
was filed at the end of November 2022. The Issuer - in parallel - on the basis of the ruling issued by the 
Luxembourg Court, filed a petition with the Italian court asking it to rule on the grounds for the 
termination of the usufruct contract. The Court of Milan scheduled for the continuation of the case a 
hearing on 12 December 2023 and ordered the notification of appeal and subsequent decree for setting 
the hearing by 30 September 2023.  
In the event of a favourable outcome of the dispute, the FRESH 2008 Securities will be converted into the 
shares, already issued, of the Issuer which will also collect the amount of Euro 49.9 million, recording a 
corresponding economic income.  
In the event of an unfavourable outcome of the dispute, the principle of burden sharing cannot be 
applied and therefore the bondholders will retain the right to receive the coupon (equal to Euribor 3M + 
425 bps on a notional amount of Euro 1 billion) provided that the Bank generates distributable profits 
and pays dividends. Since the Bank has not paid dividends since the date of the burden sharing, any 
unfavourable outcome of the dispute will only produce prospective effects and only in the event of 
dividend distribution. 
(ii) 
Dispute Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A./ Alken Fund Sicav and Alken Luxembourg S.A.  
On 22 November 2017, the counterparties (the “Funds”) served a complaint on the Issuer, as well as 
Nomura International (“Nomura”), Giuseppe Mussari, Antonio Vigni, Alessandro Profumo, Fabrizio Viola 
and Paolo Salvadori, before the Court of Milan, requesting that the court confirm and declare: (i) the 
alleged liability of the Issuer pursuant to article 94) of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998, as well 
as for the deeds of defendants Mussari, Vigni, Profumo and Viola pursuant to article 2935 of the Italian 
Civil Code due to the offences perpetrated against the plaintiffs; (ii) the alleged liability of defendants 
Mussari and Vigni in relation to investments made by the Funds in 2012 on the basis of false 
information; (iii) the alleged liability of defendants Viola, Profumo and Salvadori in relation to 
investments made by the Funds subsequent to 2012; and (iv) the alleged liability of Nomura pursuant to 
article 2043 of the Italian Civil Code and, as a result, order the Issuer and Nomura jointly and severally 
to provide compensation for financial damages equal to Euro 423.9 million for Alken Funds Sicav and 
Euro 10 million for lower management fees and reputational damage to the management company 
Alken Luxembourg SA, as well as jointly and severally with the Issuer and Nomura the defendants 
Mussari and Vigni for damages resulting from the investments made in 2012, and Viola, Profumo and 
Salvadori for damages subsequent to 2012. The opposing parties also requested that the defendants be 
ordered to provide compensation for non-financial damages upon confirmation that they were guilty of

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
the offence of providing false corporate disclosures. The Issuer duly appeared and set out its defence. In 
the alternative, the Issuer applied for recourse against Nomura. It should be noted that in the 
judgement, four natural persons intervened, separately and independently, claiming damages for a total 
of approximately Euro 0.7 million. By order dated 24 July 2019, the Investigating Judge rejected Alken’s 
petition for a court appointed expert report (CTU), deeming the case ready for decision, and adjourned 
the case to the hearing of 7 July 2020 for closing arguments, during which, having rejected Alken's 
petition to refer the case to preliminary investigation, the case was retained for decision. With ruling 
issued on 7 July 2021, the Court of Milan rejected all requests made by the Funds, which were ordered 
to refund the legal costs of the Issuer. The request of a single intervener was partially accepted, in 
relation to which the Issuer was ordered to pay the sum of approximately Euro 52 thousand (for 
principal and interest) jointly with Nomura and in part with Antonio Vigni and the lawyer Giuseppe 
Mussari. Both the Issuer and Nomura and the Funds appealed (the latter for a relief sought of 
approximately Euro 454 million) against the ruling before the Milan Court of Appeal in which the above-
mentioned intervener also filed a cross-appeal against the Issuer, for a relief-sought of Euro 0.6 million, 
and another party, also intervened in the first instance, whose claims had been rejected by the Court. 
On 13 July 2022, the first hearing was held in the three pending appeal proceedings, which were 
ordered to be joined. The Court postponed the joined cases for closing arguments to the hearing of 5 
July 2023 then anticipated to 10 May 2023 at which the case was taken under advisement in accordance 
with article 190 of Code of Civil Procedure for the closing and answer briefs. 
(iii) 
Dispute BMPS, Alessandro Profumo, Fabrizio Viola, Paolo Salvadori, Nomura International plc, York 
and York Luxembourg Funds  
On 11 March 2019, the York and York Luxembourg Funds served a writ of summons to the Issuer’s 
registered office, bringing an action before the Court of Milan (Section specialised in corporate matters) 
against the Issuer and Mr Alessandro Profumo, Mr Fabrizio Viola, Paolo Salvadori as well as Nomura 
International PLC, ordering the defendants, jointly and severally, to pay damages amounting to a total of 
Euro 186.7 million and - subject to an incidental finding that the offence of false corporate 
communications has been committed - to compensation for non-monetary damages to be paid on an 
equitable basis, pursuant to article 1226 of the Italian Civil Code, plus interest, revaluation, interest 
pursuant to article 1284, para. IV of the Italian Civil Code, and interest compound pursuant to article 
1283 of the Italian Civil Code.  
The plaintiffs’ claim is based on alleged losses incurred as part of its investment transactions in the 
Issuer totalling Euro 520.3 million, carried out through the purchase of shares (investment of Euro 41.4 
million by York Luxembourg) and derivative instruments (investment of Euro 478.9 million by York 
Funds). The plaintiffs’ quantified their comprehensive losses at Euro 186.7 million.  
The investment transactions challenged began in March 2014, when Messrs. Fabrizio Viola and 
Alessandro Profumo held the offices of CEO and Chairman, respectively, of the Issuer. The plaintiffs 
charge alleged unlawful behaviour by top management of the Issuer in falsifying the financial 
representation in financial statements, substantially modifying the assumptions used in measurements 
of financial instruments issued by the Issuer.  
The first hearing, initially scheduled for 29 January 2020, was deferred to 4 February 2020. The Issuer 
duly appeared before the court. The parties filed the preliminary briefs and, at the subsequent hearing, 
discussed the respective preliminary requests, on which the Judge reserved the right to provide for their 
admission. At the hearing on 15 July 2022, the Court of Milan: (i) declared the witness evidence 
requested by York, Nomura, Profumo and Viola to be inadmissible and (ii) referred to the panel - 
following the outcome of the decision regarding the causal link - the assessment of the need to dispose 
of the accounting expert witness requested by York. The case was postponed to 23 November 2023, for 
the finalization of closing arguments.

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
(iv) 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A./Caputo + 24 other names  
On 4 December 2020, Mr Giuseppe Caputo and an additional twenty-five parties (now 24 after one of 
the plaintiffs died) sued the Issuer before the Court of Milan to challenge the investments made by them 
in compliance with the share capital increases ordered by the same, or through purchases on the 
electronic/secondary market between 2014 and 2015. The plaintiffs claim that they have suffered 
serious damage as a result of the informational asymmetry created on the market by the Issuer (here, 
referring, moreover, to criminal proceedings R.G.N.R. 29634/14, concluded at first instance with 
judgement no. 13490/2019, as well as criminal proceedings R.G.N.R. 955/16, concluded at first 
instance with judgement no. 10748/2020), and they also argue the incorrect accounting of non-
performing loans starting from the 2013 Financial Statements, (here, conversely, referring to the 
ongoing criminal proceedings 33714/16); they also contest the unfair business practices put in place by 
the Issuer, the investments in diamonds, the 2013- 2017 Business Plan and the non-compliant business 
organization.  
The plaintiffs therefore requested full compensation for the damage suffered equal to the entire 
consideration paid for the purchase of the BMPS shares, with a final quantification of the relief sought 
equal to approximately Euro 25.8 million and - subject to the incidental finding of the crime of false 
corporate communications - compensation for non-pecuniary damage to be settled on an equitable 
basis pursuant to article 1226 of the Italian Civil Code, plus interest and revaluation. Following the 
appearance of the Issuer and the first hearing, the parties filed the preliminary briefs and, at the 
subsequent hearing, discussed the requests formulated by the plaintiff, on which the Judge reserved the 
right to provide for their admission. Upon lifting the reservation, the Judge deemed it necessary to refer 
the case to the deliberating body in order to settle the dispute or to proceed with any expert 
investigations and therefore postponed the case to the hearing for closing arguments on 4 November 
2022 which was then adjourned to 23 February 2023 regarding the same issues. In this date the Judge 
retained the case for decision, assigning the terms pursuant to Article 190 of the Code of Civil 
Procedure for the filing of final statements and answer briefs. 
(v) 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. vs. Caltagirone Group 
By a writ of summons dated 2 August 2022, the companies Caltagirone Editore SPA, Finced Srl, 
Capitolium Srl, Mantegna 87 srl, Vianini Lavori Spa, and Fincal Spa brought an action against the Issuer 
before the Court of Rome alleging that the Issuer had failed to disclose to the market information in 
relation to investments in MPS shares made by the six companies between 2006 and 2011.  
In particular, the counterparties deduced that they had invested a total of approximately Euro 856 
million in MPS securities, as well as having resold these financial instruments in the first few months of 
2012, reporting a capital loss of approximately Euro 741 million.  
On the assumption that such damage is directly related to the allegedly unlawful conduct of the Issuer 
for the dissemination of erroneous price-sensitive information since 2006, the counterparties claim 
compensation for damages equal to the entire capital loss suffered, attributing to this allegedly untrue 
representation of the Issuer’s financial situation the fact that they purchased and/or maintained the MPS 
shares in their respective portfolios over the above-mentioned period of time.  
At the first hearing on 30 January 2023, the plaintiff applied for the granting of investigation time limits, 
while the defendant Bank asked for the case to be sent for closing arguments, after which the Judge 
reserved its decision.  
(vi) 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. vs. Angelino + 40  
By writ of summons dated 31 December 2022, Mr Angelino and forty other persons brought legal action 
against the Issuer before the Court of Milan to challenge the investments made by them in compliance

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
with the share capital increases ordered by the Bank, i.e. through purchases on the electronic secondary 
market of BMPS shares between 2013 and 2016. The plaintiffs claim to have suffered a serious loss as a 
result of the discrepancy of information disclosed on the market by the Issuer (referring both to the 
criminal proceedings 29634/14 and to the proceedings 955/16); the focus of the opposing objections, 
also as a result of the acquittal of the former management Mussari and Vigni in 2022 by the Court of 
Appeal of Milan, is however focused on the alleged offences committed by the former directors Viola 
and Profumo starting from 2012 both with references - as mentioned - to criminal proceeding 955/16 
now at the appeal stage and with regard to the incorrect accounting of non-performing loans starting 
from the 2013 Financial Statements (in this regard, referring to criminal proceedings 33714/16); the 
opposing parties also contest the unfair commercial practices implemented by the Issuer, the 
investments in diamonds, the 2013 - 2017 Business Plan. The plaintiffs therefore requested full 
compensation for the damage suffered equal to the entire consideration paid for the purchase of the 
BMPS shares, with a final quantification of the relief sought equal to approximately Euro 81.2 million in 
addition to interest and revaluation from the due date to the balance and in addition to the loss of 
profit; they also requested that the Issuer be sentenced to pay compensation for damages, including 
non-pecuniary damages, subject to the preliminary assessment of the crime of false corporate 
communications (article 2622 of the Italian Civil Code) and market manipulation (article 185 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998) to be settled on an equitable basis pursuant to article 1226 of 
the Italian Civil Code. At the first hearing on 13 June 2023, the plaintiffs’ counsel reported that – in 
addition to five plaintiffs already joined the civil action in the criminal proceeding R.G.N.R. 955/2016 – 
all the other claimants would also transfer the action for damages brought against the Bank, by 
appearing before the Court as aggrieved party in the criminal proceedings R.G.N.R. 33714/16 
renouncing to the civil proceedings pursuant the Article 75, paragraph 1, of the Cod of Criminal 
Procedure. Therefore, the plaintiff requested a postponement of the hearing, to allow the appearance of 
claimants as aggrieved parties in the proceedings R.G.N.R. 33714/16 withdrawing from the present case 
and to verity the possibility of adjourning the case for the other five named claimants. The Bank did not 
oppose the request.  
The Judge set a new hearing pursuant to Article 183 of the Code of Civil Procedure for 17 October 2023, 
ordering the case to be dealt with on a paper-bases hearing. 
b) 
Out-of-Court claims for the repayment of sums and/or compensation for damages by 
Shareholders and Investitor of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in relation to the 2008, 
2011, 2014 and 2015 share capital increases  
The grand total of out-of-court claims (complaints and mediations) received by the Issuer as at 30 June 
2023, relating to capital increase transactions and allegedly incorrect financial disclosures in 
prospectuses and/or Financial Statements and/or price-sensitive information, amounted to Euro 2.264 
billion, broken down as follows:  
• 
Euro 52 million as relief sought for claims, net of those converted to court action, relating to the 
period 2008-2011; classified as having a “possible” risk of losing the case;  
• 
Euro 1,978 million as relief sought for claims, net of those converted to court action, relating to 
the period 2014-2015 and longer time periods; in particular Euro 1,640.8 million as relief sought 
in dispute classified as having a “likely” risk of losing the case and Euro 337.7 million as relief 
sought in disputes classified as having a “possible” risk of losing the case;  
• 
Euro 233 million as relief sought for mediations, in principal and net of previous claims, in 
particular Euro 166 million as relief sought in dispute for which there is “likely” risk of losing the 
case and Euro 67 million as relief sought in disputes for which there is a “possible” risk of losing 
the case;  
These are largely generic claims, received mainly from an advisory firm on behalf of institutional 
investors, in which the temporal references are not clarified (they claim losses that also refer to events

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
that have never been disputed) and, which require particular investigation with respect to both the 
cause of action and the legal standing.  
These are in fact investors who show that they have also made investments in the name and on behalf 
of third parties, whose ties with the claimant are neither clarified nor documented.  
In fact, the information contained in these requests is particularly lacking in this regard and stands out:  
a) 
for being totally generic or indefinite (i.e. such as not to allow prima facie a verification of the 
same nature and/or the actual content of the claim);  
b) 
for the absence of elements enabling the prior ascertainment of possible deficiencies in the basic 
requirements for the formulation of claims for compensation (for example, in cases in which the 
complainant is not even able to demonstrate that they have made direct investments influenced 
by alleged misuse of information) to be ascertained in advance;  
c) 
for failure to refer to appropriate documentary support that are abstractly suitable to support any 
claim;  
d) 
for the absence of precise and reliable data that allow for the investment to be temporarily 
allocated (and distinguished) so as to be able to appreciate (and weigh) the unfounded profiles of 
the claim due to the absence of adequate demonstration of a causal link, also in light of the 
investment policy followed in practice by the investor. 
 
10.5. 
Disputes relating to securities subject to the Burden Sharing 
As of 30 June 2023, the overall petitum for such disputes amounted to Euro 36.1 million. 
It should be highlighted that, for part of the litigation, the plaintiffs are no longer holders of the 
securities as they sold the securities prior to the entry into force of Decree 237. It should also be noted 
that the opposing parties' objections are focused on the alleged lack of any notice and/or on the 
breach of the applicable legislation as in any other “similar” case concerning financial matters 
commenced against the Bank. Indeed, the plaintiffs claimed misselling occurred, i.e. distributing the 
above financial instruments in breach of the Consolidated Finance Act (and its implementing 
regulations), as well as in breach of the general principles of fairness, transparency and diligence. 
 
10.6. 
Disputes deriving from ordinary business  
While carrying out its ordinary business, the Group, similar to other banking groups, is involved in 
various judicial proceedings concerning, inter alia, allegations relating to: clawback, compound 
interest, placement of bond securities that are issued by governments and defaulted by companies and 
the placement of schemes and financial products. The latter types show a consistent overall decrease 
that is not material in terms of the sum and related civil funds. 
With respect to the proceedings regarding bankruptcy claw-backs, the reform that was implemented in 
2005 reduced and limited the scope of insolvency claw-backs, especially those concerning direct 
payments in accounts. For those still eligible for proposal or already pending at the date of entry into 
force of the reform, the Bank uses all available arguments to defend its position. 
With respect to disputes concerning compound interests, interest and conditions, since 1999 there has 
been a progressive increase in claims brought by account holders for the retrocession of interest 
expenses due to quarterly compound interest. In such cases, plaintiffs contest the legality of the 
interest rate and the calculation method for the fees. In this latter respect, the interpretation 
introduced by the Supreme Court, with effect from 2010 in the matter of usury, on the basis of which 
the maximum overdraft fees, even before the entry into force of Law 2/2009, had to be taken into 
account in the calculation of the global effective rate, in contrast with the guidance of the Bank of Italy, 
is frequently the basis for lawsuits brought by customers. Most of the cases involve claims related to

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
the balances of current accounts, but increasingly frequent are disputes concerning compound 
interests, referring to the legitimacy of the socalled “French compound interests” of mortgage loans, 
and the violations of Law 108/1996 on usury, on maturing loans. 
In relation to compound interests, the reform of article 120 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended first 
by Law no. 147 of 27 December 2013 and, then, by Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016, introduced relevant 
novelties in the matter of computation of interests and prohibition of their capitalisation (such as, inter 
alia, the provisions according to which: (i) interests accrued in a current account or in a payment 
account (both in favour of the Bank and in favour of the account holder) are calculated with the same 
frequency in any case not lower than one year and that (ii) accrued interests do not give rise to further 
interests, except for delay interests, and are calculated exclusively on capital and, in case of opening 
of credit lines settled in the current account, for overdrafts even in the absence of a credit line or in 
excess of the credit line). 
10.7. 
Civil disputes arising in connection with the ordinary business of the Issuer 
Below are listed the most relevant proceedings in terms of the petitum and the state of the case. 
(A) 
Civil dispute brought by Fatrotek S.r.l. before the Court of Appeal of Salerno  
This case, where the Issuer was sued together with other credit institutions and companies with the 
summons of 27 June 2007, seeks the assessment of alleged monetary and non-monetary damage 
suffered by the plaintiff, as a result of an alleged unlawful report filed with the Italian Central Credit 
Register. The relative relief sought is Euro 157 million. The plaintiff also asks that the defendant banks 
be found jointly liable, each proportionately to the seriousness of its behaviour. The Issuer’s defence 
was based on the fact that the company’s extremely severe financial situation fully justified the Issuer’s 
initiatives.  
At the hearing on 31 May 2018, the Judge reserved his decision on the objections raised by the 
defendants. On 5 June 2018, the plaintiff company declared bankruptcy, which induced the Official 
Receivers to resume proceedings. At the end of preliminary investigation, in which a court-appointed 
expert’s report was carried out, the case was retained for decision on 6 October 2022, after that the 
Court of Salerno, with a judgement of 11 November 2022, assessed and settled only a non-financial 
damage, amounting to Euro 20 thousand for each bank (therefore for a total of Euro 100 thousand) plus 
interest and litigation costs.  
The outlay attributable to the Issuer amounted to Euro 34,151.69. The positive outcome of the 
proceeding indicates that the appeal is not admissible but, however, it was lodged by the plaintiff 
company in bankruptcy with a summons served on 10 July 2023 (hearing on 15 December 2023). 
(B) 
Civil disputes instituted by Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. and the Assessorato of Economy of Sicily 
before the Court of Appeal of Palermo  
By writ of summons notified on 15 July 2016 Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. (today the Italian Revenue Agency 
– Collection (also, ADER), which took over universally in all legal relationships of Riscossione Sicilia 
starting from 1 October 2021, pursuant to article 76 of Italian Law Decree no. 73/2021 converted with 
Italian Law no. 106/2021) had summoned the Issuer before the Court of Palermo, asking for it to be 
ordered to pay the total sum of Euro 106.8 million.  
The claim of Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. falls within the realm of the complex dealings between the Issuer 
and the plaintiff, originated from the disposal to Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. (pursuant to Italian Law 
Decree 203/05, converted into Law 248/05) of the equity investment held by the Issuer in Monte Paschi 
Serit S.p.A. (later Serit Sicilia S.p.A.).  
In the preliminary phase of the proceedings, a court-appointed technical consultancy was carried out, 
the results of which were favourable to the Issuer. In fact, the court appointed expert not only 
concluded that the Issuer owes nothing to Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., but also identified a receivable of 
the Issuer of roughly Euro 2.8 million, equal to the balance of the price for the sale of 60% of Serit Sicilia 
S.p.A. to Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. by the Issuer (dating back to September 2006), a sum that has to date

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
been held in escrow by Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. With judgement no. 2350/22, filed on 30 May 2022, 
the Court of Palermo, essentially adhering to the conclusions of the court-appointed expert, rejected 
Riscossione Sicilia's counterclaims and sentenced the latter to pay the Issuer approximately Euro 2.9 
million plus legal interest and court fees.  
This judgment was appealed on 27 December 2022 by summons before the Court of Appeal of Palermo. 
The Bank appeared before the Court on 15 April lodging a cross-appeal. The first appearance at the 
hearing of 5 May 2023 was held in written form; the Bank is awaiting the communication regarding the 
date of next hearing.  
On 17 July 2018, the Finance Department of the Sicily Region sent to the Issuer an order of injunction 
pursuant to article 2 of Italian Royal Decree no. 639/1910 and of repayment, pursuant to article 823, 
paragraph 2 of the Italian Civil Code, of the amount of around Euro 68.6 million, assigning the Issuer 
the term of 30 days to make the payment with the warning that, in the event of failure to do so, it will 
proceed with the forced recovery through the registration of the claim. The Sicily Region filed a petition 
for the summons of Riscossione Sicilia, resulting in the postponement of the first appearance hearing, 
which was held on 26 September 2019 and in which the Judge, upon acknowledging the statements 
provided by the parties, set out the terms for lodging the statements pursuant to article 183 of the 
Italian Code of Civil Procedure and adjourned to an evidentiary hearing scheduled for 26 November 
2020. On that occasion, the Issuer asked for the hearing closing arguments to be scheduled, requesting 
the Court to verify the action had become devoid of purpose, as Riscossione Sicilia during the 
proceedings had proved that the receivable claimed by the Sicily Region had been fully cancelled.  
With ruling no. 3649/2021, published on 4 October 2021 and notified on 5 October 2021, the Court of 
Palermo rejected the Issuer’s opposition against the aforementioned order with simultaneous 
condemnation of the Issuer to pay the litigation costs. The Issuer lodged an appeal against this decision 
before the Palermo Court of Appeal. By order filed on 11 February 2022, the Court of Appeal ordered 
the integration of the cross-examination against the Italian Revenue Agency - Collection, as successor 
of Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., ordering it to appear at the hearing scheduled for 1 July 2022, during which 
time the case was postponed to the hearing of 22 November 2024 for the presentation of closing 
arguments.  
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that the Issuer has also filed an administrative case 
before the Regional Administrative Court of Sicily - Palermo office for the declaration of nullity and/or 
annulment of the injunction order pursuant to article 2 of Italian Royal Decree no. 639/1910, notified by 
the Department on 17 July 2018, by appeal lodged on 16 October 2018 (RG 2201/2018).  
The appeal concerns the challenging of the Order of injunction in the part in which, “alternatively, 
pursuant to article 823, paragraph 2 of the Italian Civil Code, it orders Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
(…) to return to the Sicily Region, within the same period of 30 days from receipt of the present, the 
amount of approximately Euro 68.6 million plus interest at the rate established by special legislation for 
late payment in commercial transactions, as provided for in paragraph 4 of article 1284 of the Italian 
Civil Code”.  
The Department appeared via the Avvocatura dello Stato (office of the State Attorney) on 15 November 
2018. The Regional Administrative Court has set 13 November 2023 as the date for the so-called 
“disposal” hearing, at which the interest in pursuing the case will have to be confirmed or not. On 20 
December 2022, the law firm defending the Issuer indicated that “the continuation of the aforesaid 
administrative lawsuit appears to be of likely futility given that the Sicilian Region has already obtained 
the enforceable measure in civil proceedings.  
Moreover, following the notification of the tax bill against the registration of the claim brought by 
judgement No. 3649/2021 of the Court of Palermo “for the recovery of amounts under Injunction Order 
16465/2018”, the Issuer contested the execution and the file as an enforceable act pursuant to article 
615 of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure before the Court of Siena with a summons dated 21 November 
2022 and filed an application to suspend the enforceability of the act.

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
At the same time, the Issuer filed a petition with the Court of Auditors on 21 November 2022 pursuant 
to article 172 paragraph 1 letter d) of the Italian Accounting Justice Code to annul the acts for the 
recovery of the amounts.  
Finally, the Issuer, on 16 November 2022, petitioned ADER pursuant to Italian Law no. 228/2012 to 
obtain a suspension of the recovery of the amount due under the tax bill. On 25 January 2023, the Bank 
was notified by the Sicilian Regional Department of the Economy of a formal notice of rejection of said 
petition. Consequently, on 27 January 2023, the payment of the amount of Euro 74 million was ordered, 
and the necessary steps are underway to recover the aforementioned credit of about Euro 68.6 million 
from ADER, to which the Issuer is entitled, as the sole successor of Riscossione Sicilia. 
(C) 
Civil Case brought by Marcangeli Giunio S.r.l.  
With a writ of summons, notified on 28 November 2019, the claimant Marcangeli Giunio S.r.l. asked the 
Court of Siena to assess, first and foremost, the contractual liability of the Issuer for not issuing a loan 
of Euro 24.2 million - necessary to the purchase of land and the construction of a shopping mall with 
spaces to be leased or sold – and subsequently the conviction of the Issuer with order to pay 
compensation for damages and loss of profit in the amount of Euro 43.3 million. As an alternative, in 
view of the facts specified in the writ of summons, a request is made for the Issuer to be found pre-
contractually liable for having interrupted the negotiations with the company without disbursing the 
agreed loan, and to be ordered to pay compensation in the same amount asked first and foremost.  
In a judgment filed on 6 June 2022, the Court of Siena rejected the plaintiff company's claims for 
damages on the grounds of contractual and extra-contractual liability. The Court only upheld the 
restitutory claim brought by the opposing party with regard to the allegedly unlawful interest applied in 
connection with the land advances, quantified in Euro 58,038.27, plus legal interest, and splitting the 
costs. By summons dated 23 December 2022, the company filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal 
of Florence with first appearance hearing on 15 May 2023. The Bank duly entered an appearance. At the 
hearing on 26 May 2023, the case was retained for decisions and the legal deadlines were set for the 
drafting of closing arguments. 
(D) 
Civil Case brought by Nuova Idea S.r.l. 
With a writ of summons notified on 21 December 2021, Nuova Idea S.r.l. summoned the Issuer before 
the Court of Caltanissetta in order to have it declare that it was obliged to compensate all the damages, 
financial and non-financial, suffered by the company as a consequence of the protest of a bill of Euro 
2,947 domiciled at the Caltanissetta Branch, which according to the plaintiff’s prospect would have been 
raised due to the Issuer’s exclusive negligence.  
The plaintiff argues that the illegitimate protest constituted the only causal antecedent of a chain of 
events described in the writ of summons which resulted in the net reduction of its shareholdings in a 
Temporary Grouping of Companies awarded a service contract with ASL Napoli 1 Centro, consequently 
requesting, principally, that the Issuer was ordered to pay in its favour the amount of Euro 57.3 million 
by way of loss of earnings as well as an amount of Euro 2.8 million by way of loss of profit, and thus a 
total of Euro 60.1 million, in addition to compensation for damage to the corporate image and 
commercial reputation to be paid on an equitable basis.  
The first appearance hearing, indicated in the summons as 29 April 2022, was postponed to 4 May 
2022. The Issuer promptly appeared, stating the correctness of the behaviour taken when the protest 
was raised and the absence of any causal link between the Issuer’s actions and the alleged damage. The 
Judge lifting his reservation on the parties’ preliminary motions formulated at the hearing of 29 March 
2023, admitted the testimonial evidence. At the hearing of 19 May 2023, the witnesses were examined, 
and the Honorary Judge of the Peace (in Italian G.O.P.) closed the case and remitted the file to the 
competent Judge for the hearing on 12 July, since at that hearing the parties insisted on their respective 
preliminary requests, the Judge reserved his decision.

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
(E) 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. vs. EUR S.p.A.  
The company EUR S.p.A. sued the former subsidiary MPS Capital Services Banca per le imprese S.p.A. 
(now merged by incorporation into the Issuer) at the Court of Rome, together with three other lending 
banks, primarily in order to obtain a declaration of invalidity or, alternatively, the cancellation and/or 
ineffectiveness of the following contracts: 1) Interest rate swap (IRS) concluded on 24 April 2009; 2) IRS 
of 29 July 2010; 3) the Novation Confirmation of 15 July 2010, with which the IRS sub 2 was transferred 
from Eur Congressi S.p.A. to EUR S.p.A.; 4) the close out contract dated 29 July 2010 relating to IRS sub 
1; 5) the Termination Agreement of 18 December 2015 relating to IRS sub 2. Again primarily, the 
plaintiff seeks the condemnation of the banks in the pool, jointly and severally, by way of restitution of 
the debt and compensation for pre-contractual and/or contractual and/or non-contractual damage, to 
the payment of approximately Euro 57.7 million representing the relief sought as indicated by the 
plaintiff.  
Since this amount relates to all the derivatives concluded by the 4 banks in the pool with EUR S.p.A., it 
should be noted that in the unlikely event of losing, MPS Capital Services Banca per le imprese S.p.A. 
having been sentenced to pay the compensation, will be able to distribute the amount paid with the 
other banks in the pool due to its stake in the loan, which for MPS Capital Services Banca per le imprese 
S.p.A. is 12.61%.  
MPS Capital Services Banca per le imprese S.p.A. appeared in court to have the full validity of its actions 
recognised and to request the rejection of the plaintiff's claims. In the defence and answer, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. objected in limine litis the lack of jurisdiction of the court, given 
that the contracts regulating derivative operations between the subsidiary and EUR S.p.A. consist of 
ISDA Master Agreements governed by English law and subject to the jurisdiction of the Anglo-Saxon 
courts. The existence of the jurisdiction of the Italian court, according to the plaintiff, is due to the 
negotiated link between the IRSs and the financing contracts, which are governed precisely by Italian 
law, as well as to the public nature of EUR S.p.A. “as a company wholly owned by public institutions”, 
arguments which appear to be unfounded.  
In the only hearing held on 22 November 2021, the judge held that before entering into the merits the 
preliminary objections presented by the defendant banks, concerning: 1) the suspension of this 
judgement, by virtue of the provisions referred to in article 7 paragraph 1 of Law 218/1995, pending 
the definition of the separate lawsuit brought by a bank in the pool against EUR S.p.A. in the United 
Kingdom concerning the verification of the validity and effectiveness of the derivative contracts 
concluded between the parties; 2) the “lis pendens” between the two lawsuits; 3) the lack of jurisdiction 
of the Italian judge in favour of the English one by virtue of the clauses of exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts contained in the above mentioned ISDA Agreements.  
Following the filing of preliminary pleadings essentially aimed at illustrating these preliminary issues, on 
24 January, the judge, lifting the reservation set out in the minutes of the hearing of 22 November 2021 
and considering the case ripe for decision on the objection of jurisdiction of the Italian court raised by 
the defendants, “taking into account the exclusive jurisdiction of the English court, as well as the lack of 
application of Italian law to the case in question”, adjourned the parties for the definition of the 
conclusions to the hearing of 8 November 2022.  
Following the filing of the conclusions and the final deeds, on 21 April 2023, the Court of Rome issued 
the decision in which, accepting the exception raised by the defendant Banks, the lack of jurisdiction of 
the Italian Court was declared, in favour of the UK Court, . The decision in agreement with the other 
defendant banks was not served and therefore has not yet become final. 
(F) 
Anti-money laundering  
As at 30 June 2023, 29 judicial proceedings are pending before the ordinary judicial authority in 
opposition to sanctioning decrees issued by the MEF in the past years against some employees of BMPS 
and the Bank (as a jointly liable party for the payment) for infringements of reporting obligations on 
suspicious transactions pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2007. The overall amount of the

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
opposed monetary sanctions is equal to Euro 3.7 million (rounded). 
The Bank’s defence in the context of such proceedings aims, in particular, at illustrating the 
impossibility to detect, at the time of events, the suspicious elements of the transactions/subject matter 
of the allegations, usually emerging only after an in-depth analysis carried out by the tax authority 
and/or other competent authority. The upholding of the Bank’s position may entail the avoidance by the 
judicial authority of the sanctioning measure imposed by the MEF and, in case the payment of the 
sanction has already been executed, the recovery of the related amount.  
For the sake of completeness, it is worth noting that, as at 30 June 2023, 23 administrative 
proceedings are pending in addition to the abovementioned proceedings in respect of which the 
opposition proceedings are in progress and are instituted by the competent authorities for the alleged 
violation of the anti-money laundering regime. The overall amount of the petitum (the maximum 
amount of the applicable penalties) related to the abovementioned administrative proceedings is equal 
to Euro 0.33 million (rounded). 
10.8. 
Labour disputes  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is involved in numerous judicial proceedings, both 
active and passive that relate to labour and concern inter alia, appeals against individual dismissals, 
declaration requests of subordinate employment relations with indefinite duration, challenge of the 
sale of the business unit, request for double remuneration following the illegitimate sale of the 
business unit, compensation for damages due to professional setbacks, requests for higher positions 
and miscellaneous economic claims. 
As at 30 June 2023, the overall petitum relating to the passive labour proceedings is equal to Euro 
68.0 million (Euro 90.2 million as at 31 December 2022) almost entirely relating to the Bank.  
It has to be further specified that, after the transfer of the back-office activities business unit to 
Fruendo S.r.l., which occurred in January 2014 and concerned 1,064 resources, 634 employees 
(subsequently reduced to 233 as a results of reconciliations, deaths and retirements) sued the Bank 
before the Courts of Siena, Rome, Mantua and Lecce seeking, inter alia, the continuation of their 
employment relationship with the Bank, subject to prior declaration of ineffectiveness of the transfer 
agreement entered into with Fruendo S.r.l.. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus for 224 workers involved, the judgment was defined as 
unfavourable to the Bank. With regard to the remaining 9 employees, a judgement of first and/or 
second-instance unfavourable to the Bank was issued. 
It is worth noting that in the event the illegitimacy of the transfer of the employment relationship 
pursuant to article 2112 of the Italian Civil Code is ascertained, the Supreme Court, with reference to 
the remuneration obligation of the transferor, has recently ruled in a different way in relation to the 
approach that has been consolidated over time before the Supreme Court itself. In fact, with recent 
rulings, it has been held that the transferor employer bears the remuneration obligation in addition to 
that fulfilled by the transferee employer, since the principle of the liability discharge of the executed 
payment made by the latter does not apply to the present case. 
Due to this amended jurisprudential opinion (so-called “double remuneration”), as at 31 August 2023, 
208 employees, involved in the transfer of the branch and recipients of the judgments in their favour, 
have sued the Bank in order to claim the due remuneration. The legal proceedings have been brought 
before the Courts of Siena, Florence, Mantova and Roma with hearings scheduled between October 
2022 and December 2024.  
Noting the change of law on the “double remuneration” topic and verified the increasing number of 
judgements that differ from the previous consolidated approach, it has been decided, on a prudential 
basis, to allocate to the provision for risks and charges, the company's cost relating to remunerations 
requested in court, in addition to a lump sum for out-of-court claims received to date.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
It should also be noted that the Court of Siena - Labour Section, with a judgment of 25 January 2019, 
rejected the appeals of 52 Fruendo workers (later reduced to 32 following waivers/conciliations) who 
sued the Bank to request the continuation of the employment relationship with the latter, subject to 
declaration of the illegal interposition of labor (so-called illegal contract) in the context of the services 
outsourced by the Bank to Fruendo.  
This judgment was appealed by no. 16 workers before the Court of Appeal of Florence - Labour 
Section which, on the other hand, ascertained the illegality of the contract, ordering the readmission to 
service of no. 14 workers (as in relation to 2 workers the cessation of the matter of the dispute was 
declared following waivers / conciliations), which was given effect with effect from 1 March 2022. As at 
the date of this Prospectus, the judgment is currently pending before the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione). 
Furthermore, further actions were initiated to ascertain the illegality of the contract by 50 workers of 
Fruendo:  
1. 
no. 13 applicants have appealed to the Court of Padua - Labour Section: the 2 cases were 
reconciled at the hearing on 24 October 2022;  
2. 
37 workers appealed to the Court of Siena - Labour Section. We summarize below the situation 
of the related judgments:  
• 
for two groups of applicants (no. 18 in total) who brought class actions, favorable judgments 
were issued at first instance by the Court of Siena - Labour Section which were appealed 
before the Court of Appeal of Florence: next hearing on 5 October 2023; 
• 
for other two groups of applicants (no. 18 in total), the Court of Siena - Labour Section has 
set the next hearing for 6 November 2023;  
• 
for the only applicant who has brought an individual case, the Court of Siena - Labour 
Section has set the next hearing for 20 October 2023. 
10.9. 
Sanctioning procedures  
(I) 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
During the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has not received any 
sanctions from CONSOB for aspects falling within the responsibility area of said supervisory authority. 
With regard to the sanctioning procedures falling within the competence of the Bank of Italy, during 
2020 the Bank of Italy started a sanctioning proceeding against the Bank with respect to the alleged 
breach of banking transparency provisions.  
On 11 August 2020, the Bank transmitted to the Bank of Italy its observations with regard to the 
latter’s audit report and its response to the decision to initiate the sanctioning procedure. At the same 
time a new BMPS remedial action plan was activated and completed by 31 December 2020, for which a 
follow-up plan was created. As a result of such remedial actions, the Bank refunded customers for a 
total amount of approximately Euro 45 million, of which approximately Euro 4.6 million refer to sums 
made available by means of a notice published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and in 
two national newspapers.  
On 6 May 2021, the Bank was imposed a pecuniary administrative sanction of Euro 2.9 million 
pursuant to art. 144 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
The Bank of Italy has asked further information to the Bank (last communication of 8 February 2022) 
regarding: (i) the mechanisms adopted to ensure the timely delivery of the European Standardized 
Information Prospectus (PIES); (ii) the transfer of payment services; (iii) the remuneration of the credit 
lines; and (iv) the application of charges in the event of delayed termination of the current account. 
During 2021 and 2022, the Bank provided the required clarifications and carried out the additional 
interventions requested by the Supervisory Authority, which are completed.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
For further information in relation to sanctioning proceedings deriving from the inspection activities 
carried out by the supervisory authorities, reference is made to paragraph “Audits” of the section 
"Consolidated Report on Operations" of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and to paragraph 
“Audits” of the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report. 
In December 2019, the Bank received the penalty notification from the Bank of Italy for an amount of 
Euro 1.32 million highlighting deficiencies in customer due diligence requirements as well as in the 
identification of beneficial owners and suspicious transaction reporting. The supervisory authority took 
into consideration for the quantification of the penalty the remedial actions initiated and largely 
implemented by the Bank. 
For further information in relation to inspection activity on anti-money laundering carried out by the 
Bank of Italy on the Bank, reference is made to this in paragraph 9.2 “Inspection activity on anti-money 
laundering” of this section Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.. 
* * *  
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that, in the period between 2012 and 2016, the Bank 
was subject to various sanction proceedings initiated by the CONSOB and the Bank of Italy supervisory 
authorities. These proceedings related to events that concerned the accounting of the “Alexandria” and 
“Santorini” operations, the FRESH 2008 and the acquisition of Banca Antonventa in addition to other 
events that were attributable to the behaviour of the management in office at the time of the individual 
infringements. These infringements were challenged and then subsequently sanctioned. 
In the context of the sanction proceedings, the natural persons sanctioned and, in some cases, directly 
the Bank, as a legal entity, were found to be in violation of regulatory and prudential provisions. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, these proceedings have concluded and the related sanctioning 
measures have been published by the authorities in accordance with current legislation. As a 
consequence thereof, the Bank paid the following amounts: 
(i) 
Euro 9.9 million (rounded) with respect to 4 (four) sanctioning measures imposed by the Bank of 
Italy directly on natural persons and paid by the Bank under the solidarity obligation pursuant to 
article 145 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act; 
(ii) 
Euro 7.5 million (rounded) for 9 (nine) sanctioning measures imposed by CONSOB of which (i) 
Euro 6 million (rounded) imposed by the supervisory authority directly on natural persons and 
paid by the Bank under the solidarity obligation pursuant to article 195 of the Consolidated 
Finance Act and (ii) Euro 1.5 million (rounded) paid as a directly sanctioned legal entity. 
With regard to the proceedings for which the Bank is both jointly and severally liable (with respect to 
which the Bank executed the payment of the administrative sanctions imposed by the supervisory 
authorities on the individuals in office as at the time the facts subject to the sanction occurred), the 
Bank exercised mandatory recourse actions against such individuals subject to sanctions granting the 
suspension of such actions against those individuals in respect of which (i) no wilful default or gross 
negligence conduct was detectable in relation to the alleged irregularities; (ii) no corporate liability 
action was brought; and (iii) there were no requests for a trial with criminal proceedings connected 
thereto within the time limits provided for lodging any appeal by the applicable relevant legislation. 
Some of the concerned individuals, after the letters of formal notice were sent, failed to fulfil the 
payment obligation and it was therefore necessary to take civil actions aimed at recovering the 
amounts paid. 
These activities and the related jurisprudential orientation could influence the duration of proceedings 
and decrease the possibility of recovery of the sums paid by the Bank. With regard to the individuals 
who have benefited from the suspension of the recourse action and have brought the relevant appeals, 
it appears that some proceedings against the sanction by the sanctioned persons are still in progress 
at the various levels of judgment (please note that, since the Bank is not a party to the aforementioned 
proceedings, this information is on the basis of what the various individuals involved disclosed to the 
Issuer). It should also be noted that, over the years, a number of sanctioned individuals have died and

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
some of the measures have also been challenged before the European Court of Human Rights after the 
rulings issued by the Supreme Court.  
(II) 
Competition and Market Authority (“AGCM”) 
Proceedings I794 of the AGCM – Remuneration of the SEDA service 
On 21 January 2016, the AGCM opened proceedings I794 against the Italian Banking Association in 
respect of the remuneration of the SEDA service. Such proceedings were subsequently extended (on 13 
April 2016) to the 11 most important Italian banks, amongst which was BMPS. According to AGCM the 
interbank agreement for the remuneration of the SEDA service may represent an agreement restricting 
competition pursuant to article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, since it 
would imply “the absence of any competitive pressure”, with a consequent possible increase in overall 
prices borne by enterprises, which may in turn be charged to consumers. 
The proceedings were closed by the AGCM on 28 April 2017 and notified on 15 May 2017. The 
authority resolved: (i) that the parties (including BMPS) put in place an agreement restricting 
competition, in breach of article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (ii) that 
the same parties should cease such activity and file a report illustrating the measures that were 
adopted to prevent such infringement by 1 January 2018 and should refrain from undertaking such 
activity in the future; and (iii) as a result of this not being a serious infringement in respect of the 
legislative and economic framework in which it had been implemented, no sanctions are applied.  
BMPS challenged the measure before the Administrative Regional Court (“TAR”), which upheld the 
appeal and annulled the challenged measure with a judgment published on 1 July 2021. AGCM 
challenged the TAR’s judgment before the Administrative National Court (Consiglio di Stato) on 2 
November 2021 and BMPS joined the appeal proceeding. The Administrative National Court dismissed 
the appeal on 3 February 2023, confirming the TAR’s decision. 
10.10. Judicial proceedings pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 
In the context of a proceeding instituted by the public prosecutor’s office at the Courts of Forlì against 
several natural persons and three legal persons for money laundering and obstructing the exercise of 
public supervisory functions, the Bank was charged with three administrative offenses for obstruction 
of the exercise of public supervisory functions pursuant to article 2638 of the Italian Civil Code, money 
laundering pursuant to article 648-bis of the Italian Criminal Code and transnational criminal 
association (article 416 of the Italian Criminal Code). 
In particular, the public prosecutor believed that the employees of the Forlì branch of the Bank, subject 
to the direction and supervision of persons in senior positions within the Bank, committed the above 
described crimes in the interest and to the advantage of the Bank. 
According to the indictment, the commission of these offences would have been possible due to the 
breach of the direction and supervision obligations for the adoption and effective implementation by 
the Bank, prior to the commission of such offences, of an organisation, management and control 
model suitable to prevent crimes such as those at hand. 
BMPS’s activities, subject to disputes, which are within the time period 2005-2008, relate to operations 
carried out by the branch of Forlì, on behalf of the Cassa di Risparmio of San Marino, on a 
management account opened with the Bank of Italy, Forlì branch on behalf of BMPS. 
In consideration of the particular location within the Republic of San Marino, the Cassa di Risparmio of 
San Marino had in fact required the Forlì branch of BMPS to use such account to meet its cash 
demands, through the cash deposit/withdrawal operations at the relevant branch of the Bank of Italy. 
Such operations, characterised by a strong movement of cash, and the anomalies charged by the 
judicial authority on the registration in the single digital archive (Archivio Unico Informatico – “AUI”) of 
the relating transactions, which at that time, considering unequivocal legislation on the relations 
between the Republic of Italy and the Republic of San Marino, led BMPS to consider the Cassa di

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
Risparmio of San Marino as a “licensed intermediary”, representing the basis of the allegations against 
the Bank. 
According to the judicial authority, such operations would have been put in place to prevent the 
identification of the criminal origin of such amounts, as well as the traceability of all hidden exchange 
operations related to illicit amounts. 
In particular, the employees of the Forlì branch have been jointly charged with the crime of obstructing 
the functions of public supervisory authorities, money laundering, violation of the Italian anti-money 
laundering regime and criminal association in relation to the transnational crime pursuant to Law 
146/2006, the commission of which is assumed to have been permitted because of the breach of the 
direction and supervision obligations of the Bank in the alleged absence of a suitable and effective 
organisational model. 
The conduct put in place by employees, according to the opinion of the judicial authority, would have 
permitted to concealment of the commission of money laundering offenses, not to acquire accurate 
information on the actual beneficiaries of such transactions nor on the real characteristics, purpose 
and nature of the related accounting movements with effects on the recordings in the AUI. The Bank’s 
defence in these proceedings seeks to prove the nonexistence of the crimes as the basis of the 
allegations against it and to demonstrate the adoption and effective implementation, already in place 
at the time of the events, of an organisation, management and control model suitable to prevent 
crimes such as those at hand. 
The PHJ at the Courts of Forlì ordered the indictment of the defendants, including BMPS, on grounds of 
administrative liability of entities. At the hearing of 14 December 2021, the Court of Forlì highlighted 
the radical vagueness of the charges - also with respect to the specific charges against BMPS - and 
therefore annulled the indictment decree and ordered the transmission of the acts of the proceedings 
to the Public Prosecutor. 
The Public Prosecutor, on 18 February 2023, filed a request for the dismissal of all the defendants, 
natural persons and legal entities, including the Bank, with the exception of the top management 
positions of the San Marino bank for which separate proceedings will be carried out.  
The Bank therefore awaits the determinations of the Judge of Preliminary Investigations, which, if 
consistent with the request of the Public Prosecutor, will determine the extinction of the proceedings. 
The Bank filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal of Milan against the ruling of first instance, as the 
civilly liable party, jointly and severally liable with the defendants, having administrative liability under 
Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
At the first hearing held on 31 March 2023 before the second criminal division of the Court of Appeal 
of Milan, the General Public Prosecutor and some civil parties discussed and presented written 
conclusions. At the subsequent hearings held on 6 April 2023, 28 April 2023, 19 May 2023 and 16 
June 2023 the remaining appellant and non-appellant civil parties, the counsels of the defendants and 
the civilly liable party discussed and submitted written conclusions. 
The Court adjourned the discussion until 27 October 2023, for replies. 
For further information in relation to anti-money laundering proceedings, please refer to sub-
paragraph “(F) Anti-money laundering” of paragraph “10.2.5 Civil disputes arising in connection with 
the ordinary business of the Issuer” above.

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
10.11. Administrative offences pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 challenged in relation to the 
sale of investment diamonds based on alleged self-laundering crime (article 648-ter of the Italian 
Criminal Code)  
With reference to the “diamond” affair and the self-money laundering allegations, the Public Prosecutor's 
Office at the Court of Siena, with reference to the criminal proceedings, issued a request for dismissal 
on 12 September 2022 against the natural persons (4 former executive managers and the only executive 
manager still employed), who had been investigated for self-laundering and also issued a decree for 
dismissal with regard to the Issuer as party bearing administrative liability, and also ordered the removal 
of the attachment order issued in relation to the offence of self-money laundering pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 231/2001, for the sum of Euro 0.2 million. 
The dismissal with respect to the Issuer was transmitted to the Attorney General of the Court of Appeal 
of Florence, which endorsed it on 16 November 2022, while the Preliminary Investigations Judge issued 
a decree of dismissal against the natural persons on 5 October 2022.  
With regard to the criminal proceedings pending before the Court of Rome under reference no. 
44268/21, on 11 July 2023 the first preliminary hearing was held and postponed to 21 November 2023, 
due to issue concerning defects in the notification against certain defendants.  
For the same case, additional criminal proceedings for the offences of aggravated fraud, self-money 
laundering and hindering the exercise of the functions of Public Supervisory Authorities were lodged 
before the Public Prosecutor’s Office at the Court of Milan. On 28 September 2021 the Public Prosecutor 
made a request for committal for trial, against seven former executive managers (of which five in the 
main line of litigation) and the Chief Executive Officer and pro tempore General Manager of the Issuer.  
The preliminary hearing was set for 30 September 2022. At that hearing, the Preliminary Hearing Judge 
postponed the hearing to 25 January 2023 for any civil action and the relative matters as well as for 
further preliminary matters, including regarding jurisdiction.  
At the hearing of 25 January 2023, the Court ordered a postponement to 5 April 2023 and after to 22 
June 2023, pending the filing of the reasoning of the Court of Cassation's ruling that settled the conflict 
of jurisdiction between the Judicial Authorities of Rome and Verona in the IDB-Banco BPM case, which 
has the same indictment scheme as the proceedings at issue.  
At the hearing of 22 June 2023, the issue of lack of territorial jurisdiction was discussed. The Public 
Prosecutor did not contest it and referred to the judge’s assessment.  
At the hearing of 10 July 2023, the Judge for preliminary investigation issuing three ruling s of lack of 
territorial jurisdictions: (i) in favour of the Judicial Authority of Rome, for the fraud hypothesis alleged 
against the exponent of DPI and the Issuer; (ii) in favour of the Judicial Authority of Siena for the 
hypothesis of self-money laundering and obstacle to the function of Public Surveillance Authorities 
against the managers of the Issuer; (iii) in favour of the Judicial Authority of Verona for the alleged 
offences concerning Banco BPM.  
The Judge reserved the filing of the motivations within 30 days. In these new proceedings, the Issuer is 
not involved as party with administrative liability pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001.  
To meet the initiatives taken, the Issuer has set aside provisions which take into account, among other 
things, the anticipated number of requests and the current wholesale value of the stones to be returned.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
As at 30 June 2023, the transactions completed represent 92.2% of the total volume of diamond offers 
reported by the Issuer. Residual provisions for risks and charges recognised against the compensation 
initiative amounted to Euro 2.4 million as at 30 June 2023.  
As at 30 June 2023, the stones returned were recognised for a total value of Euro 68.8 million. 
10.12. Tax disputes 
The Bank and the main group companies are involved in a number of tax disputes. As at 30 June 2023 
approximately 139 cases are pending, for a total amount at a consolidated level of Euro 40.0 million 
(rounded) for taxes, sanctions and interests set out in the relevant claim (of which Euro 40.0 million 
relate to the Bank). The value of disputes also include that associated with tax verifications closed for 
which no dispute is currently pending since the tax authority has not yet formalised any claim or 
contention.  
In relation to pending tax disputes, which are associated with “likely” unfavourable outcomes, as at 30 
June 2023 the Bank allocated to the overall provision for risks and charges an amount equal to Euro 
12.1 million (rounded). 
Please find below an overview of the most significant pending proceedings in terms of the petitum (over 
Euro 5 million for taxes and penalties), and the main investigations in progress. 
(A) 
Deductibility and pertinence of some costs of the former consolidated company Prima SGR S.p.A.  
The Bank is party to litigation brought by Anima SGR S.p.A. (which, at the time of the relevant events, 
was a shareholding of the Bank) in relation to tax claims brought by the Italian Revenue Agency, 
Regional Department of Lombardy against Prima SGR S.p.A. (already adhering to the tax consolidation, 
subsequently merged into Anima SGR S.p.A.). The tax claims related to non-compliance with the accrual 
principle of certain costs, considered also not pertaining to the business, deducted in the fiscal years 
2006, 2007 and 2008. The Italian Revenue Agency has assessed Euro 20.6 million in total for taxes and 
penalties as follows: (i) for fiscal year 2006, taxes of approximately Euro 4.3 million and penalties of 
approximately Euro 5.1 million; (ii) for fiscal year 2007, taxes of approximately Euro 2.8 million and 
penalties of approximately Euro 3.6 million; (iii) for fiscal year 2008, taxes of approximately Euro 2.1 
million and penalties of approximately Euro 2.7 million. 
With respect to this matter, two separate proceedings are currently pending before the Italian Supreme 
Court: (i) one proceeding related to the fiscal year 2006 (brought by the Italian Revenue Agency against 
the appellate court judgment in favor of the company) and (ii) one related to the fiscal years 2007 and 
2008 (brought by the company against the appellate court judgment in favor of the Italian Revenue 
Agency). As a consequence of partial cancellation stemming from an internal review of the tax claims by 
Italian Revenue Agency and the payment of taxes in relation to a tax claim that was accepted by the 
company, the overall amount at issue has been reduced from Euro 20.6 million to Euro 18.8 million. 
In the opinion of the Bank and its advisors, a negative outcome is probable as to a portion of the claim 
amounting to approximately Euro 1.8 million and possible as to a portion of the amounting to 
approximately Euro 17 million. 
(B) 
Tax disputes involving the former consolidated company AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita in respect of 
the securities held thereby in Monte Sicav  
The Bank is party to litigation initiated by AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. in relation to tax claims 
brought by the Italian Revenue Agency, Regional Department of Lazio. The claims related to the tax 
treatment of the write-downs carried out in respect of the shares held in Luxembourg’s SICAV Monte

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
SICAV. The Regional Department of Lazio assessed higher taxes and penalties amounting to Euro 26.2 
million (plus interest) against the company, for fiscal year 2004. 
The IRES dispute was settled on a favorable basis by AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. pursuant to the 
Legislative Decree 119/2018 (“Fiscal Peace”) for Euro 11.6 million. The IRAP dispute was settled by the 
Italian Supreme Court, which dismissed the company’s appeal on 12 December 2019. 
The same applies to the fiscal year 2003, in respect of which the Italian Revenue Agency contested the 
full deductibility, for IRPEG (corporate income tax) and IRAP purposes, of the value adjustments entered 
by AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and relating to Monte SICAV securities. This dispute was settled by 
the Italian Supreme Court, which dismissed the company’s appeal on 26 July 2019. The total liability 
arising from the litigation amounts to approximately Euro 7.5 million (plus interest). With regard to the 
tax disputes, the Bank is liable due to the guarantee clauses contained in the contracts for the sale of 
AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A.. In this respect, during 2020, AXA Mediterranean Holding S.A. made a 
claim for approximately Euro 8.2 million and reserved the right to request additional sums as a result of 
any subsequent events that would increase the damage related to the tax disputes. The Bank responded 
to the request by challenging most of the amounts that make up the total amount claimed. 
In the Bank and its adviser’s view, a negative outcome is probable as to a portion of the claim 
amounting to approximately Euro 6.6 million and remote as to a portion of the claim amounting to 
approximately Euro 1.6 million. 
(C) 
IRAP assessment for tax year 2015  
Following a tax audit concluded in 2018, the Italian Revenue Agency served the Bank with a notice of 
assessment for IRAP purposes for the fiscal year 2015. In the notice, the Italian Revenue Agency 
challenged the non-taxation of certain revenue accounted in the financial statements. The Bank 
appealed the notice of assessment, the total claim of which was approximately Euro 8 million (Euro 3.9 
million in taxes, Euro 3.5 million in penalties and Euro 0.6 million in interest) before the competent tax 
court. On 18 January 2022, the initial tax claim was subsequently revised by the Italian Revenue Agency 
stemming from an internal review thereby cancelling all claims for additional tax, penalties and interests 
and reduced the tax claim to Euro 3.9 million. On 23 June 2022, the court issued a ruling partially 
unfavorable to the Bank, accepting only part of the appeal (for an amount of Euro 0.4 million) and 
rejecting the other petitions. The Bank has appealed. 
In the Bank and its adviser’s view, the likelihood of a negative outcome is possible. 
10.13.  New legal proceedings  
(A) 
Civil Case brought by Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. in amministrazione 
straordinaria 
By means of a writ of summons served on the Issuer on 23 December 2022, Società Italiana per 
Condotte D’Acqua S.p.A. under the control of a government appointed administrator brought an action 
for damages against the credit institutions in conjunction with the factoring companies (no. 32 
opposing parties), the independent auditors PwC, the members of the Managing Board and of the 
Supervisory Board of the company in bonis, for having contributed - through the use and granting of 
credit - to the commission of acts of misadministration that caused (or contributed to causing) serious 
damage to the company and to the entire creditors. The damage is quantified:  
• 
jointly and severally among all defendants in the amount of Euro 389.3 million;  
• 
subordinately Euro 322.0 million (increase in insolvency liabilities);  
• 
or subordinately in the amount of Euro 39.5 million with reference to individual transactions 
(referring to associates).

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
The first hearing set for 12 July 2023 was postponed to 25 September 2023.  
With a second writ of summons served on 19 April 2023, Società Italiana per Condotte D'Acqua S.p.A. 
under the control of a government appointed administrator also sued Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. 
and SACE S.p.A. (case ref. no. 24431/2023) for the same factual events, in addition to all the parties 
already cited in the legal proceedings previously mentioned.  
Given the obvious reasons for joinder (part-subjective and part-objective), in the same writ of summons 
the Judge was asked to order an immediate preliminary joinder to avoid duplicate decisions, as well as 
for obvious reasons of procedural economy.  
The first hearing is set for 25 October 2023.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE BANK 
The Bank is managed by a board of directors tasked with strategic supervision. The Board of Directors in 
office consists of 15 members. The Chief Executive Officer is appointed by the Board of Directors. 
Under the Italian Civil Code, the Bank is required to have a board of statutory auditors. 
Each Director and Statutory Auditor shall meet the requirements provided for by the applicable laws and 
BMPS’ by-laws. 
Board of Directors 
The Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of the Bank held on 20 April 2023 appointed the following 
members of the Board of Directors for financial years 2023, 2024 and 2025 (with term of office expiring 
on the date of the Shareholders' Meeting convened to approve the financial statements as at 31 
December 2025).  
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside the 
Bank, deemed significant 
1. 
Nicola Maione (*) 
Chairperson 
Lamezia Terme (CZ), 9 
December 1971 
Lawyer, owner of Studio 
Legale Maione 
2. 
Gianluca Brancadoro 
(*) 
Deputy 
Chairperson  
Napoli (NA), 8 September 
1956 
University Professor 
Lawyer, partner of Studio 
Legale 
Brancadoro 
Mirabile 
Director 
of 
Fondo 
Italiano di Investimento 
SGR S.p.A. 
Chairperson of Firmis – 
Legal & Tax Advisory, 
Società tra avvocati S.r.l. 
3. 
Luigi Lovaglio 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
and 
General 
Manager  
Potenza, 4 August 1955 
// 
4. 
Alessandra 
Giuseppina Barzaghi 
(*) 
Director 
Giussano (MB), 29 April 
1955 
// 
5. 
Paola De Martini (*) 
Director 
Genova, 14 June 1962 
Director of Renergetica 
S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
Growens 
S.p.A. 
6. 
Stefano Di Stefano  
Director 
Casoli (Chieti), 5 May 
Director of Office IV of 
Directorate 
VII 
-

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside the 
Bank, deemed significant 
1960 
Enhancement 
of 
Public
Assets at the MEF 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
STMicroelectronics 
Holding N.V. – STH  
7. 
Paolo 
Fabris 
De 
Fabris (*) 
Director 
Conegliano (TV), 20 June 
1970 
Univesity Professor 
Lawyer 
8. 
Lucia Foti Belligambi (*) 
Director 
Catania (CT), 19 July 1972 
Partner 
of 
Studio 
Simonelli Associati 
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
Manufactures Dior S.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors of 
Orsero S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors of 
Galleria 
Commerciale 
Porta di Roma S.p.A. 
9. 
Marco Giorgino (*) 
Director 
Lead 
Independent 
Director 
 
Bari, 11 December 1969 
University Professor 
Director of Terna S.p.A.  
Director 
of 
Real 
Step 
SICAF 
10. 
Domenico 
Lombardi 
(*) 
Director 
Napoli (NA), 7 May 1969 
Member 
of 
Scottish 
Fiscal Commission  
Member of Luiss Policy 
Observatory  
11. 
Paola Lucantoni (*) 
Director 
Roma (RM), 30 June 1968 
University Professor 
12. 
Laura Martiniello (*) 
Director 
San Paolo Bel Sito (NA), 4 
June 1976 
University Professor 
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
Angelini 
Technologies 
S.p.A.  
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
TEQQO S.r.l. 
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
Renovars 
distribution 
S.r.l.

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside the 
Bank, deemed significant 
13. 
Anna 
Paola 
Negri-
Clementi (*) 
Director 
Milano (MI), 31 October 
1970 
Lawyer, 
partner 
of 
Pavesio e Associati with 
Negri-Clementi  
Director 
of 
Azienda 
Elettrica Ticinese Italia 
S.r.l.  
Director of Restart S.p.A. 
14. 
Renato Sala (*) 
Director 
Arcore (MI), 10 March 
1953 
CEO of Advisors S.r.l. 
15. 
Donatella Visconti (*) 
Director 
Roma (RM), 21 May 1956 
Director of Assoholding 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Advisory 
Board of 1OAK Financial 
Group (Italian branch) 
(*) Independent director, declared to meet the independence requirements established by the laws and 
regulations in force, the By-Laws and the further independence requirements established by the 
Corporate Governance Code. 
 
Managers with strategic responsibilities  
 
 
Name  
Position 
Place and 
date of birth 
Main activities outside the Bank, 
deemed significant 
1. 
 
Luigi Lovaglio 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer and General 
Manager 
Potenza, 
4 
August 1955 
// 
2. 
 
Maurizio Bai 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer of Businesses 
and 
Private 
Customers 
Grosseto, 
23 
July 1967 
// 
3. 
 
Leonardo Bellucci 
Chief Risk Officer 
Firenze, 
21 
February 1974 
// 
4. 
 
Massimiliano Bosio 
Chief Audit Executive 
Torino, 26 July 
1971 
Director of AIIA – Associazione
Italiana Internal Auditors 
5. 
 
Vittorio Calvanico 
Chief 
Operating 
Officer 
Napoli, 
8 
February 1964 
//

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
Name  
Position 
Place and 
date of birth 
Main activities outside the Bank, 
deemed significant 
6. 
 
Ettore Carneade 
Compliance Officer 
Mola 
di 
Bari 
(BA), 16 June 
1961 
// 
7. 
 
Nicola 
Massimo 
Clarelli 
Financial 
Reporting 
Officer 
Caserta, 
22 
October 1971 
// 
8. 
 
Roberto Coita 
Chief Human Capital 
Officer 
Milano, 
28 
January 1972 
// 
9. 
 
Fiorella Ferri 
Chief Safety Officer 
Sovicille (SI), 5 
June 1962 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Cassa di Previdenza 
Aziendale per il personale di 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
10.  
Fabrizio Leandri 
Chief Lending Officer  Roma, 21 April 
1966 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
of 
Monte 
Paschi Banque S.A. 
11.  
Andrea Maffezzoni 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer  
Sesto 
San 
Giovanni 
(Milan), 
27 
March 1972 
Chairperson 
of 
AXA 
MPS 
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. 
Chairperson 
of 
AXA 
MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. 
Director of Fondo Interbancario 
per la tutela dei depositi 
Member 
of 
the 
management
board 
of 
Schema 
Volontario 
Fondo Interbancario Tutela dei 
Depositi 
12.  
Pasquale Marchese 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer Retail 
Pescara, 2 June 
1961 
Deputy Chairperson of Widiba 
S.p.A. 
Director of AXA MPS Assicurazioni 
Danni S.p.A. 
Director of AXA MPS Assicurazioni 
Vita S.p.A. 
Director of Bancomat S.p.A. 
13.  
Riccardo Quagliana 
Group 
General 
Counsel 
Milano, 
4 
February 1971 
// 
14.  
Emanuele Scarnati 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
Large 
Corporate 
& 
Investment Banking 
Jesi 
(Ancona), 
11 
August 
1965 
// 
−

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of the Bank held on 20 April 2023 appointed the following 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors for financial years 2023, 2024 and 2025 (with term of office 
expiring on the date of the Shareholders' Meeting convened to approve the financial statements as at 31 
December 2025): 
- 
Standing Auditors: Enrico Ciai (Chairperson), Roberto Serrentino (1) and Lavinia Linguanti; 
- 
Alternate Auditors: Pierpaolo Cotone (1) and Piera Vitali (2). 
(1) Pierpaolo Cotone, appointed as Alternate Auditor by the above mentioned Shareholders’ Meeting, 
took office as Standing Auditor following the resignation of the Standing Auditor Roberto Serrentino as 
of 15 May 2023. 
(2) Piera Vitali resigned as Alternate Auditor as of 2 May 2023.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors of the Bank is currently composed by the following members. 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of 
birth 
Main 
activities 
outside 
the 
Bank, deemed significant 
1.  
Enrico Ciai 
Chairperson 
Roma, 16 January 
1957 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
Reactive 
S.r.l. 
(Almaviva Group) 
2.  
Lavina Linguanti 
Standing Auditor 
Siena, 
19 
January 
1987 
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
Monte 
Paschi Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
AIACE 
REOCO s.r.l. in liquidazione 
Manager 
of 
Confindustria 
Toscana Sud 
Sole 
Auditor 
of 
Lavanderia 
Senese S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of Tuscany RF 
S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor Salumi Il Borgo 
S.r.l. 
3.  
Pierpaolo Cotone  
Standing Auditor 
Roma, 
14 
August 
1951 
 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Mercitalia 
Logistics S.p.A.

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of 
birth 
Main 
activities 
outside 
the 
Bank, deemed significant 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
of 
Fondazione BNL 
Standing auditor of Tivù S.r.l. 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is required to verify that the Bank complies with applicable law and its 
by-laws, respects the principles of correct administration, and maintains an adequate organisational 
structure, internal controls and administrative and accounting systems. The Board of Statutory Auditors 
has a duty to shareholders to whom they report at the annual Ordinary Shareholders’ meeting approving 
the financial statements. 
Each member of the Board of Directors, the Board of Statutory Auditors and those managers with 
strategic responsibilities are domiciled for the purposes of their offices at the registered office of Banca 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., in Siena, Piazza Salimbeni 3, Italy. 
For further information please refer to the Bank’s website at www.gruppomps.it – Corporate Governance. 
Independent Auditors 
Pursuant to article 28 of the Bank’s by-laws, on 11 April 2019 the Ordinary Shareholders’ meeting 
appointed the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. as independent auditors for the statutory audit 
of the accounts 2020-2028. The statutory audit shall be performed by an independent auditor meeting 
the requirements established by law. 
Conflict of Interest 
BMPS is an Italian bank with shares listed on regulated markets and as such deals with any conflicts of 
interest of the members of its administrative, management and supervisory bodies in accordance with 
the requirements of article 2391 (“Directors’ interests”) and article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code 
(“Related party transactions”), article 53, paragraph 4 (“Regulatory supervision”) and article 136 
(“Obligations of bank corporate officers”) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the regulatory 
provisions on related party transactions adopted by CONSOB with Resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 
2010 as subsequently amended and supplemented (“Regulation on Related Party transactions”) and by 
the Bank of Italy with Circular 285/2013 (Chapter 11, Part three on “Risk activities and conflicts of 
interest with respect to affiliated parties”) as subsequently amended and supplemented, article 88 of 
CRD IV (loans to members of the management body and their related parties), article 36 of Legislative 
Decree 201/2011, converted by Law no. 214/2011 (so-called prohibition of interlocking), in addition to 
the provisions of BMPS’ by-laws on those matters (articles 15, 17, 19 and 25). 
In this regulatory framework and in line with the principles defined in section 12 of the EBA guidelines 
on internal governance (EBA/GL/2021/05) and the EBA-ESMA guidelines on the assessment of the 
suitability of the members of the management body and staff that play key roles (EBA/GL/2021/06), the 
Bank’s Board of Directors has over time approved specific internal directives and policies, including the 
Group Directive on personnel conflicts of interest, in order to evaluate, manage and mitigate or prevent 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Issuer and the private interests of 
staff (including members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies).

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
The company legislation defines principles, responsibilities, procedures, decision-making and 
information skills, safeguards for the related risks, in particular with regard to subjects close to the 
Bank’s decision-making centres. The Issuer’s website (www.gruppomps.it) makes available provisions 
and procedures which define the principles and responsibilities for the management of the prescriptive 
obligations regarding related parties and affiliated parties and obligations of bank representatives. 
To the best of BMPS’s knowledge and belief, as at the date this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts 
involving the members of its administrative, management and supervisory bodies between their 
obligations towards the Bank and their private interests and/or their obligations towards third parties, 
other than those occurring within the context of specific resolutions adopted by BMPS in accordance 
with the aforementioned legislation and BMPS’ by-laws.  
To the best of BMPS’ knowledge, the following has potential conflicts of interest: 
- 
the Chairperson of the Board of Statutory Auditors, Enrico Ciai, for his position as independent 
director in Reactive S.r.l., which belongs to the Almaviva Group, a group that provides certain IT 
services to the Issuer. 
For this position, the Board of Statutory Auditors has adopted governance safeguards in order to prevent 
any actual conflict of interest also in relation to the independence of judgment of the same figure. 
For the sake of completeness, Board of Directors Member Stefano Di Stefano, who was appointed by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 April 2023, holds the position of Director of Office IV of Directorate VII - 
Enhancement of Public Assets at the MEF, which has been Issuer’s controlling shareholder since August 
2017. 
Article 19 of BMPS’ by-laws, in addition to compliance with the provisions of article 136 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act, obliges the members of the Board of Directors to inform the Board itself and 
the Board of Statutory Auditors of any deal in which they are personally interested or which regards 
entities or companies of which they are directors, auditors or employees (unless in the case of Group 
companies) and to abstain from resolutions in which they have an interest in conflict, on their own 
behalf or on behalf of third parties. The main transactions concluded with related parties are described 
in the 2023 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report published and available on the Bank’s website 
www.gruppomps.it. 
Main Shareholders as at the date of this Base Prospectus  
The entities that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, directly and/or indirectly hold ordinary shares 
for more than 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital and do not fall under any of the exemptions 
provided for by article 119-bis of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, are as follows: 
 
Shareholders 
% share capital on overall share capital  
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) 
64.230% 
5. 
Although the MEF is controlling shareholder, the Issuer is not under direction and coordination 
activities pursuant to Italian law, since the MEF has not made any communications regarding the 
exercise of direction and control over the Issuer. Furthermore, the MEF has stated that it does not carry 
out direction and coordination activities pursuant to Italian law with respect to the companies in which it 
has taken an ownership interest.

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS  
1. 
Deferred tax assets 
Within the context of the legislative framework relating to DTAs, Law of 22 December 2011, no. 214 
("Law 214/2011") provided for the conversion into tax credits of DTAs referred to write-downs and 
credit losses, as well as those relating to the value of goodwill and other intangible assets (so-called 
DTAs eligible for conversion) in case the company records a loss for the period in its individual 
financial statement. The conversion into tax credit operates in regard to DTAs recorded in the financial 
statement in which the loss is recognised and for a fraction thereof equal to the ratio between the loss 
amount and the company’s equity. 
Law 214/2011 further provided for the conversion of DTAs also in the presence of a tax loss, on an 
individual basis; in such case, the conversion operates for the DTAs recognised in the financial 
statement versus the tax loss for the portion of the same loss generated by the deduction of the above 
illustrated negative income components (write-downs and credit losses, goodwill and other intangible 
assets). 
In such legislative framework, accordingly, the recovery of DTAs eligible for conversion seems 
guaranteed for the Bank also in case the latter does not generate adequate future taxable income 
capable of ordinarily absorbing the deductions that correspond with the DTAs recorded. The tax 
regime introduced by Law 214/2011, as stated by the Bank of Italy/CONSOB/ISVAP (now IVASS) within 
the document "Accounting treatment of deferred taxes deriving from Law 214/2011" no. 5 of 15 May 
2012, in granting "certainty" to the recovery of DTAs eligible for conversion, impacts in particular on 
the recoverability test laid down by the accounting standard IAS 12, basically makes it automatically 
satisfied. Even the regulatory legislation provides for a more favourable treatment for DTAs eligible for 
conversion compared to the other types of DTAs since the former, for the purpose of the capital 
adequacy requirements the Group shall comply with, do not constitute negative elements at equity 
level and are included among RWA with a 100 per cent. weighting. 
In relation to DTAs eligible for conversion pursuant to Law 214/2011, article 11 of Law Decree No. 
59/2016 subjected the possibility to continue to apply the above described regime in the matter of 
conversion into tax credits of advanced tax assets to the exercise of a specific irrevocable option and 
the payment of an annual fee ("DTA fee") to be paid with reference to each of the financial years 
starting from 2015 and subsequently, if annual requirements are met, until 2029. As clarified in the 
press release of the Council of Ministers on 29 April 2016, such provision were necessary to overcome 
the doubts raised by the European Commission on the existence of "State aid" components in the 
legislative framework relating to deferred tax assets then in force.  
In more detail, the fee for a specific financial year is determined by applying the 1.5 per cent. rate to a 
"base" obtained by adding the difference between DTAs eligible for conversion that are recorded in the 
financial statement of such financial year and the corresponding DTAs recorded in the 2007 financial 
statement, the overall amount of conversions into tax credits operated until the relevant financial year, 
net of taxes, identified in the Decree, paid with respect to the specific tax periods established in the 
same Decree. Such fee is deductible for the purpose of income taxes. 
The Bank exercised the aforementioned option by paying the fee, within the given deadline of 31 July 
2016, for the amount of Euro 70.4 million, due by 2015. Further, article 26-bis of Decree 237 
amended article 11 of Law Decree 59/2016, substantially moving the DTA fee’s reference period from 
2015-2029 to 2016-2030. Consequently, the fee already paid by 31 July 2016 in relation to 2015 is 
deemed deferred to 2016 and the amount remained unchanged; as a consequence of the exercise of 
the option, the Bank also proceeded with the payment of the fee due for 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 
2021 for the amount of Euro 346.5 million. 
In relation to the expected evolution of the amount of DTAs eligible for conversion, please note that as 
a consequence of the rules introduced by Law Decree No. 83/2015 (converted by Law 6 August 2015

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
no. 132), such amount may no longer be increased in the future. Specifically, from 2016 the pre-
requirement for the recognition of DTAs from write-downs and credit losses ceased, with those 
negative income items becoming fully deductible.  
In relation to DTAs relating to goodwill and other intangible assets, if recognised in the Financial 
Statement from 2015 onwards, they will no longer be eligible for conversion into tax credits due to the 
effect of aforementioned Law Decree 83/2015. 
It should be noted that the Italian legislation provides for the EGS (economic growth support (aiuto alla 
crescita economica)) introduced by article 1 of the Law-Decree no. 201/2011. Such incentive provides, 
for companies that have increased their capital resources compared to the respective size as of 31 
December 2010, with the right to operate downward to their taxable income by an amount equal to 
the notional return (1.3 per cent. from 2019) on the capital increase realised. This downward 
amendment is recognized for the financial year in which the capital increase took place, as well as for 
each of the subsequent years (until the rule is repealed) and, in case of insufficient taxable income of 
one of those, may be deducted from the following years' income. Such deduction, for entities that 
participate in the group taxation system (also known as tax consolidation (consolidato fiscale)), must 
be added to taxable income before the use of past tax losses. It follows that, with equal prospective 
income generating capacity, the presence of this incentive reduces, to an extent directly proportional 
to its amount, the possibility of recording DTAs relating to past tax losses. The incentive at stake, 
temporarily repealed by Law no. 145 of 30/12/2018 with effect from 2019, was then reinstated by Law 
no. 160 of 27/12/2019, rendering the previous repeal ineffective. 
Although the carry-forward of tax losses and EGS surpluses is not subject to any time limit according 
to current tax regulation, the regulatory provision provide for a more penalizing treatment of the 
relevant DTAs than for other DTAs that may not be converted into tax credits pursuant to Law no. 
214/2011, since they are deducted from assets according to phasing-in percentages without the 
benefit of the deductible mechanism. Moreover, it should be noted that according to Law Decree No. 
83/2015, by recognising the immediate deductibility of writedowns and credit losses entailed for 
financial years subsequent to 2015, a relevant reduction of corporate income tax extends the time 
horizon for the absorption of tax losses and prior EGS surplus and, accordingly, for the DTAs 
associated with such losses and surpluses.  
It should be noted that Article 44-bis of Law Decree 34/2019 (as amended by Law Decrees 18/2020 
and 73/2021) introduced the possibility of conversion of DTAs related to tax losses and EGS surpluses 
into tax credits as well. The conversion is allowed in case of sale of NPLs carried out in 2020 and 2021 
towards third parties not belonging to the Group. Tax losses or EGS surplus convertible are determined 
as 20% of the nominal value of NPLs sold (up to a limit of Euro 2 billion) and the tax credit amount 
corresponds to related DTAs (even if not booked in the balance sheet). An annual 1.5% fee is due on 
the DTAs converted amount, under the same conditions as that due for conversions made in 
accordance with Law 214/2011. 
2. 
Regulations and Supervision of the ECB, Bank Of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS 
The Group is subject to complex regulations and, in particular, to the supervision of the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB and, in relation to a number of aspects of the bancassurance business, the Istituto per la 
Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni ("IVASS"). As from 4 November 2014, the Group is also subject to the 
supervision of the ECB, which is entrusted under the SSM (as defined below), inter alia, to ensure the 
homogeneous application of Eurozone legislative provisions.  
In particular, the Group is subject to both a primary and secondary legislation framework applicable to 
companies with financial instruments listed on regulated markets. The legislation is applicable in 
regard to banking and financial services (governing, inter alia, sale and placement activities of financial 
instruments and the marketing thereof), as well as for the regulatory regime of countries, including 
those other than the Republic of Italy, in which the Group is active. The supervision activities carried 
out by the aforementioned authorities cover various business sectors and may concern, inter alia,

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
liquidity, capital adequacy and financial leverage levels, the prevention and combating of money 
laundering, privacy protection, transparency and fairness in the relations with clients, and reporting 
and recording obligations. 
For the purpose of operating in accordance with such legislations, the Group put in place specific 
internal procedures and policies and has adopted, pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, a 
complex and constantly monitored organisational model. Such procedures and policies mitigate the 
possibility of the Bank to incur any breach of the various applicable legislations, which may cause 
negative impacts on the business, reputation as well as on the capital, economic and/or financial 
condition of the Bank and/or of the Group.  
In general, the international and national legislative structure to which the Group is subject has the 
main purpose of safeguarding the stability and soundness of the banking system, through the 
adoption of a very complex regime, aimed at containing risk factors. To achieve these goals, the 
regime provides for, inter alia: 
(A) 
a minimum capital holding, adequate to deal with the company’s size and the associated risks; 
(B) 
quantitative and qualitative limits on the ability to develop certain financial aggregate data, 
depending on the risks associated therewith (e.g. credit, liquidity); 
(C) 
strict rules on the structure of controls and a compliance system; and 
(D) 
rules on corporate governance. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on banking 
supervision ("BCBS") approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards 
("Basel III") on bank capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher 
and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, measures to promote the buildup of capital that can be 
drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-
based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards.  
In January 2013 the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light 
of concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the LCR with a full 
implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high quality liquid assets to include 
lower quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding the 
other liquidity requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the BCBS published the final rules in October 
2014 which were to be effective from 1 January 2018. A binding detailed net stable funding ratio was 
proposed as part of the Capital Requirements Directive reforms released in November 2016. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the European Union (“EU”) through new banking 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD IV”) of the European Parliament and the European 
Council on 26 June 2013 which relates to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR” 
and together with the CRD IV, the “CRD IV Package”) of the European Parliament and the European 
Council on 26 June 2013 which relates to prudential requirements for credit institution and investment 
firms, subsequently updated with the Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the “CRD V”) and Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 (the “CRR II” and, together with the CRD V, the “EU Banking Reform Package”). 
National options and discretions under the CRD IV Package that were previously only exercised by 
national competent authorities, will now be exercised by the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") (as 
defined below) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the European banking union. In this 
respect, on 14 March 2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options 
and discretions. Depending on the manner in which these options/discretions were exercised by the 
national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise them in the future, 
additional/lower capital requirements may result.

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
In the Republic of Italy, the Government approved Legislative Decree No. 72 on 12 May 2015 ("Decree 
72/2015") implementing the CRD IV. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. The new 
regulation impacts, inter alia, on: 
(A) 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and 
members of the management body (articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD IV); 
(B) 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (articles 102 and 104 
of the CRD IV); 
(C) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (known as whistleblowing, article 
71 of the CRD IV); and 
(D) 
administrative penalties and measures (article 65 of the CRD IV).  
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in Circular No. 285 on 17 
December 2013 ("Circular No. 285") which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD 
IV Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. Circular No. 285 has been constantly 
updated after its first issue, the last updates being the 37th update published on 24 November 2021. 
The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in the Republic of Italy by technical standards and 
guidelines finalized by the European supervisory authorities, mainly EBA and the European Securities 
and Markets Authority, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the 
EBA.  
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following own fund 
requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount; (ii) a Tier 1 
Capital ratio of 6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount; and (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per 
cent. of the total risk exposure amount. These minimum ratios are complemented by the following 
capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital, reported below: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent. from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to article 129 
of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285 as amended);  
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer: calculated on a quarterly basis depending on the geographic 
distribution of the relevant credit exposures of the institution and on the decisions of each 
competent national authorities setting the specific rates applicable in the home Member State, 
other Member States or third countries (pursuant to article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title 
II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, 
the countercyclical capital buffer rate (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 
0 per cent. for the fourth quarter of 2023; 
• 
Capital buffers for global systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): represents an additional loss 
absorbency buffer ranging from 1.0 per cent. to 3.5 per cent. determined according to specific 
indicators (e.g. size, interconnectedness, complexity); to be phased in from 1 January 2016 
(pursuant to article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 
285) becoming fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated list of 
global systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs") published by the FSB (as defined below) on 
11 November 2020 (to be updated annually), the Group is not a global systemically important 
bank ("GSIB") and does not need to comply with a G-SII capital buffer requirement; and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks ("O-SIIs"): up to 2.0 per cent. as set by 
the relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher 
risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system (article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285). On 25 November 2022 the Bank of 
Italy has identified the Group as an O-SII authorised to operate in Italy for 2023 and the Group 
will have to maintain a capital buffer of 0.25 per cent.. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV, each Member State may

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
introduce a systemic risk buffer (SyRB) in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical 
systemic or macro prudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk 
of disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the 
financial system and the real economy in a specific Member State. Italian authorities have not 
introduced such a measure to date. However, on 28 April 2021, the Bank of Italy published a 
consultation document on “Riserve di capitale e strumenti macroprudenziali basati sulle caratteristiche 
dei clienti e dei finanziamenti” which focused on the introduction of a SyRB, as amended by CRD V, for 
banks and banking groups authorised in Italy, and of borrower-based measures for new loans (not 
regulated by European regulation), tailored to the conditions of specific clients, industries or regions. 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above may trigger 
restrictions on distributions and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take 
remedial actions (articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV).  
In addition, the Bank is subject to the Pillar II requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Package, which are potentially impacted, on an on-going basis, by further requirements provided by 
the supervisory authorities under the SREP. In particular, the SREP process is aimed at ensuring that 
institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain 
the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as 
robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP process is to 
ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound 
management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. For more 
information in this respect reference is made to paragraph "The Single Supervisory Mechanism" below. 
The quantum of any Pillar II requirement imposed on a bank and the type of capital which a bank is 
required to apply in order to meet such capital requirements may all impact a bank’s ability to comply 
with the combined buffer requirement. 
With reference to the "stacking order" of own funds requirements, as clarified in the "Opinion of the 
European Banking Authority on the interaction of Pillar I, Pillar II and combined buffer requirements 
and restrictions on distributions" published on 16 December 2015, competent authorities should 
ensure that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to be taken into account in determining the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital available to meet the combined buffer requirement is limited to the amount not 
used to meet the Pillar I and Pillar II own funds requirements of the institution. In effect, this would 
mean that Pillar II capital requirements would be "stacked" below the capital buffers, and thus a firm’s 
CET1 resources would only be applied to meet capital buffer requirements after Pillar I and Pillar II 
capital requirements have been met in full. 
Furthermore, in its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has 
recognised a distinction between "Pillar II requirements" (stacked below the capital buffers) and "Pillar II 
capital guidance" (stacked above the capital buffers). With regard to Pillar II capital guidance, the 
publication stated that, in response to the stress test results, competent authorities may (among other 
things) consider "setting capital guidance, above the combined buffer requirement". Competent 
authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such guidance. The ECB published a 
set of "Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test", confirming this distinction 
between Pillar II requirements and Pillar II capital guidance and noting that "Under the stacking order, 
banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar II capital guidance. In case of further losses, they 
would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar II requirements, and finally Pillar I requirements". 
This distinction between "Pillar II requirements" and "Pillar II capital guidance" has been introduced in 
the EU by the CRD V. Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to 
address risks not covered or not sufficiently covered by Pillar I and buffer capital requirements, the 
latter refers to the possibility for competent authorities to communicate to an institution their 
expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar I and Pillar 
II) and combined buffer requirements in order to cope with forward-looking and remote situations.

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
Under the EU Banking Reform Package, and as described above, only Pillar II requirements, and not 
Pillar II capital guidance, will be relevant in determining whether an institution is meeting its combined 
buffer requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar II capital guidance does not amount to failure to comply with capital 
requirements, but should be considered as a "pre-alarm warning" to be used in a bank’s risk 
management process. If capital levels go below Pillar II capital guidance, the relevant supervisory 
authorities, which should be promptly informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to 
comply with the Pillar II capital guidance, will take into consideration appropriate and proportional 
measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example, the possibility of implementing a plan 
aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements - including capital strengthening 
requirements). 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-
day outflows. The LCR was implemented in 1 October 2015, although it was phased-in and became 
fully applicable from 1 January 2018 and set at 100 per cent.. The Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR in regard to the liquidity coverage 
requirement for credit institutions (the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 10 October 2018, 
amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) and has applied as of April 2020. Most of these 
amendments are related to the entry into force of the new securitisation framework on 1 January 2019. 
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience 
over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more 
stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the 
CRR II published in June 2019 and applies from June 2021. 
Furthermore, the Bank is bound to comply with the general limit on the investment in equity interests 
and real estate properties, to be contained within the amount of own funds at consolidated level, and 
the regulatory limits in the matter of holding of qualifying equity interests in non-financial enterprises 
and large exposures. The Bank is also subject to the regulatory limits provided for by the national 
legislation in the matter of transactions with related parties as per the "New Prudential Supervision 
Provisions" for banks as well as the specific obligations set forth by the regulation issued by CONSOB. 
With regard to the calculation modalities of regulatory requirements, in order to determine weightings 
in the context of the credit risk standardised approach, the first pillar prudential regime allows for the 
possibility to use the creditworthiness assessments issued by external credit assessment institutions 
("ECAI"). BMPS uses the assessments provided by certain ECAIs and, in particular, those issued by 
Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. In addition, in relation to credit risk, the prudential regime 
further allows for the possibility to use internal rating-based assessments for the determination of 
weightings on exposures falling within the validated perimeters. 
The EU Banking Reform Package 
The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the 
BRRD (as defined below) and the SRM Regulation (as defined below).  
These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the European Council and the European 
Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 entering 
into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions apply as of 28 June 2021, allowing for 
smooth implementation of the new provisions during these last two years.  
Specifically, the new EU regulatory framework introduced by the CRR II includes: 
• 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
• 
revisions to the prudential treatment of exposures in the form of units or shares in collective 
investment undertakings, envisaging the application of a risk weight of 1250% (fall-back

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
approach) in the event that the bank is unable to apply the lookthrough approach or the 
mandate-based approach; 
• 
introduction from September 2021 of a new reporting requirement on market risk according to 
Alternative Standardised Approach pending implementation in the EU of the latest changes to 
the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") published in January 2019 by the BCBS 
and then the application of own funds requirements; 
• 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3 per cent. of an institution's Tier 1 
capital; 
• 
a binding NSFR which requires credit institutions and systematic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (asset and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks resilience to funding constraints. This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities 
and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. 
The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100 per cent., 
indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a 
one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR applies at a level of 
100 per cent. at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless 
competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis;  
• 
changes to the large exposure limits; 
• 
the exemption from deductions of prudently valued software assets from CET 1;  
• 
improvement 
own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SME and  
infrastructure projects; 
• 
the CRD V reviews, among other things, the Pillar 2 regulatory framework for capital buffers, 
which officially introduces the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 capital 
guidance, also specifying the nature the equity instruments with which banks must satisfy the 
Pillar 2 requirement. 
Most of the provisions of the CRR II apply from 28 June 2021, although certain provisions, such as 
those relating to definition or own funds, were implemented from 27 June 2019. The elements of the 
package introduced by the CRD V are subject to transposition into national law.. 
On 29 November 2021, the Legislative Decree No. 182, of 8 November 2021, implementing CRD V and 
CRR II was published in the Official Gazette. It delegates the Bank of Italy to adopt the secondary 
implementing provisions within 180 days of its entry into force. On 22 February 2022 Bank of Italy 
issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the possibility for the Bank of Italy to 
impose a systematic risk buffer (SyRB), pursuant to Article 133 of the CRD V, consisting of CET1, with 
the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered by the 
macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the countercyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers 
for G-SIIs or O-SIIs.  
The amendment adapts the rules concerning capital buffers and capital conservation measures with 
CRD V and implement the EBA's guidance on the appropriate subsets of sectoral exposures for the 
application of the SyRB in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of CRD V.  
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting 
one or more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-
based measures), requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form.

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
Those measures can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of 
customers and loans. More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, 
which may give rise to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based 
measures that are – in line with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate 
the identified risks, considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application 
and paying due attention to the principle of proportionality. 
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which 
reflect EC findings on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain of the 
changes such as new market risk rules, standardized approach to counterparty risk, details on the 
leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will 
particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding 
companies in the European Union to become authorized and subject to direct supervision under CRD 
IV. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with consolidated 
prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country groups 
above a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the European 
Union to establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the requirement in line with the 
Financial Stability Board’s final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards for globally 
significant institutions. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V / CRR II differs from 
Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized further changes to the Basel 
III framework which include amendments to the standardized approaches to credit risk and operational 
risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee published revised 
final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals will need to be 
transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee has recommended 
implementation commencing in 2022, however timing of implementation in the European Union is 
uncertain. 
Amongst other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to delay 
the implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023. 
In particular, it should be noted that during 2020 the ECB granted a number of supervisory measures 
that included a greater flexibility in supervisory burdens in order to mitigate the impact of COVID19 on 
the European banking system. In particular, the ECB allowed banks the possibility of temporarily 
operating below the capital level defined by the Pillar 2 capital guidance, the capital conservation 
buffer and the LCR, and the possibility of partially using Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital to 
meet the Pillar 2 requirement (P2R), bringing forward the measure contained in the CRD V. Moreover, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “CRR Quick-fix”), 
brought forward the application date of certain CRR II measures to 27 June 2020, including the SME 
supporting factor, the infrastructure supporting factor and the more favourable treatment of certain 
loans granted by credit institutions to pensioners or employees, and the application date of the new 
prudential treatment of software assets to the date on which the EBA’s regulatory technical standards 
enter into force (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/2176 was published on 22 December 2020 and 
became effective from 23 December 2020). The CRR Quick-fix also amended the IFRS 9 transitional 
arrangements to mitigate the impact on regulatory capital and on banks’ lending capacity of the likely 
increases in expected credit loss provisioning under IFRS 9 due to the economic consequences of the 
COVID-19 crisis, and introduced several temporary measures, such as the temporary treatment of 
unrealised gains and losses measured at fair value through other comprehensive income for exposures 
to central governments, the temporary treatment of public debt issued in the currency of another 
Member State and the temporary measures relating to the calculation of the leverage ratio (the

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
exclusion, subject to the discretion of the competent authority, of certain exposures to central banks 
from the total exposure measure and the revised calculation of the exposure value of regular-way 
purchases and sales awaiting settlement). With regard to exclusion of certain exposures to central 
banks from total exposure measure, on 18 June 2021 the ECB announced their temporary exclusion in 
view of the COVID-19 pandemic, for a period starting on 28 June 2021 and ending on 31 March 2022 
(Decision ECB 2021/2176). 
Furthermore, in July 2020, the European Commission adopted a legislative package on capital markets 
recovery (the "Capital Markets Recovery Package") as part of its overall strategy to tackle the economic 
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the Capital Markets Recovery Package targeted 
amendments to (i) the Prospectus Regulation and Directive 2004/109/EC (such amendments having 
been introduced by Regulation (EU) 2021/337), (ii) the MiFID II (such amendments having been 
introduced by Directive (EU) 2021/338) and (iii) the Securitisation Regulation (such amendments 
having been introduced by Regulation (EU) 2021/557), have been introduced in the EU legislative 
framework.  
For more details on the amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, please see paragraph “The 
Securitation Framework” below.  
The Single Supervisory Mechanism  
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the SSM for all 
banks in the Eurozone, which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with 
the national competent authorities of the Eurozone states, direct supervisory responsibility over "banks 
of systemic importance" in the European banking union as well as their subsidiaries in a participating 
non-Eurozone Member State. The SSM Regulation that sets out the practical arrangements for the SSM 
was published in April 2014 and entered into force in May 2014. Banks directly supervised by the ECB 
include, inter alia, any Eurozone bank that has: (i) assets greater than Euro 30 billion; (ii) assets 
constituting at least 20 per cent. of its home country’s gross domestic product; or (iii) requested or 
received direct public financial assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European 
Stability Mechanism.  
The ECB is also exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions, which include, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all 
credit institutions in the Eurozone; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; (iii) 
ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, 
where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under 
the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices 
and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to 
the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB also has 
the right to impose pecuniary sanctions. 
National competent authorities will continue to be responsible for carrying out supervisory tasks not 
conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and 
branches of third country banks, besides supporting the ECB in day-to-day supervision. In order to 
foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the EU, the EBA is developing a single 
rule book. The single rule book aims at providing a single set of harmonised prudential rules in which 
institutions throughout the EU must respect. 
The Bank and the Group have been classified as a significant supervised entity and a significant 
supervised group, respectively, pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of 
the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision 
by the ECB.  
The ECB is required under the SSM Regulation to carry out a SREP process at least on an annual basis. 
In addition to the above, the EBA published on 19 December 2014 its final guidelines for common 
procedures and methodologies in respect of the SREP. Included in these guidelines were the EBA’s

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
proposed guidelines for a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional 
Pillar II own funds requirements to be implemented from 1 January 2016. Under these guidelines, 
national supervisors should set a composition requirement for the Pillar II requirements to cover 
certain specified risks of at least 56 per cent. of CET1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. 
The guidelines also contemplate that national supervisors should not set additional own fund 
requirements in respect of risks which are already covered by the combined buffer requirements (as 
described above) and/or additional macro-prudential requirements. 
On 28 June 2021 EBA launched a public consultation on common procedures and methodologies for 
the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) and supervisory stress testing. The 
comprehensive revisions aim at implementing the recent amendments to the Capital Requirements 
Directive (CRD V) and Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR II). The guidelines aim at achieving 
convergence of practices followed by competent authorities in supervisory stress testing across the EU. 
It affects all main SREP elements, including (i) business model analysis, (ii) assessment of internal 
governance and institution-wide control arrangements, (iii) assessment of risks to capital and 
adequacy of capital to cover these risks, and (iv) assessment of risks to liquidity and funding and 
adequacy of liquidity resources to cover these risks. On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised 
“Guidelines for Common Procedures and Methodologies for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP) and Prudential Stress Tests”, which provide a common framework for supervision in 
assessing risks to banks' business models, solvency and liquidity, as well as for conducting prudential 
stress tests. The guidelines apply as of 1 January 2023. 
According to the SSM Regulation, the national supervisory authorities remain in charge of carrying out 
those supervisory tasks which are not given to the ECB (such as, among the others, conducting the 
function of competent authorities over credit institutions in relation to markets in financial 
instruments). Therefore, the Bank is also subject to, inter alia, CONSOB supervision, given its activities 
carried out in relation to the sale, placement and marketing of financial instruments. 
Single Resolution Mechanism  
In August 2014, Regulation (EU) 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) establishing the single resolution 
mechanism (the “SRM”) entered into force. Certain provisions, including those concerning the 
preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the Single Resolution 
Board ("SRB") with national resolution authorities, entered into force on 1 January 2015.  
The SRM, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists of 
the SRB and a Securitisation Regulation Framework ("SRF").  
Decision-making is centralised with the SRB, and involves the European Commission and the European 
Council (which will have the possibility to object to the SRB’s decisions) as well as the ECB and national 
resolution authorities.  
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the 
same level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the ECB Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 ("SRM II Regulation"), as 
part of the EU Banking Reform Package, published on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 
2019. In line with the changes to BRRD II (as defined below), the SRM II Regulation which applies from 
28 December 2020 introduced several amendments such as changing the MREL for banks and G-SIBs, 
in order to measure it as a percentage of the total risk-exposure amount and of the leverage ratio 
exposure measure of the relevant institution. BRRD and SRM Regulation require institutions to meet 
MREL at all times, which has to be determined by the resolution authority in order to ensure the 
effectiveness of the bailin tool and other resolution tools.  
The BRRD and the revision of the BRRD framework 
The BRRD completes the legislative framework applicable to banks, identifying the powers and tools

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
which national authorities in charge of resolving banking crisis may adopt for the resolution of a 
bank’s crisis or a collapse situation. This was for the purpose of guaranteeing continuity of the 
essential functions of the institution, reducing to a minimum the collapse impact on the economy and 
the financial system as well as on costs for taxpayers. On 9 July 2015, the enabling act for the 
implementation of the BRRD was approved, identifying, inter alia, the Bank of Italy, as national 
resolution authority pursuant to article 3 of the BRRD. On 16 November 2015, contemporaneously with 
the publication in the Official Journal, Legislative Decrees no. 180 and 181 of 16 November entered 
into force and respectively implemented the BRRD and adapted the provisions of the Italian Banking 
Act to the changed legislative framework.  
With specific reference to the bail-in instrument, the BRRD has provided a minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") in order to ensure that a bank, in case of an application of 
the bail-in tool, has sufficient liabilities to absorb losses and to assure compliance with the Common 
Equity Tier 1 requirement provided for the authorisation to exercise the banking business, as well as to 
generate confidence in the market. Regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria to determine 
the MREL requirements are set out in Delegated Regulation EU 2015/1450 which was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 3 September 2016. 
In April 2021, Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has 
been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; and (ii) draft uniform 
reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – 
respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards 
the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date 
of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) 
of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
The BRRD II has been transposed in Italy by means of the European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) 
of 22 April 2021, which has delegated the Italian government to adopt the implementing legislative 
decree. In this respect, on 30 November 2021, the Legislative Decree No. 193, of 8 November 2021, 
has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. 
The BRRD also requires Member States to ensure that national insolvency laws contain a prescribed 
creditor hierarchy. The insolvency hierarchy directive (Directive (EU) 2017/2399), due to be transposed 
in Member States by 29 December 2018, amends this hierarchy by introducing a new asset class of 
non-preferred senior debt that can only be bailed-in in resolution after capital instruments but before 
senior liabilities. In the Republic of Italy, such directive has been implemented by the Italian Law No. 
205/2017 which introduced article 12 bis into the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
The Issuer as a bank - is subject to the BRRD, as implemented in the Italian legal framework. 
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees 
by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
“BRRD Decrees”), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are met, 
the relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, 
acting in accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board) 
has determined, after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, that the 
bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is 
proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and 
winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail,

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements necessary to 
maintain its authorization to carry out banking activities, including but not limited to because the 
institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own 
funds; (b) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires 
extraordinary public financial support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to 
apply, on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
• 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect 
the effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or 
impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and 
(b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may 
transfer to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one 
or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued by the bank under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights 
and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or 
liabilities of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing 
exposures) to one or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution 
authority) with a view to maximizing their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and 
• 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the 
bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 (“T2”) instruments; 
(b) write-down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); (c) convert 
eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the 
bank’s creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding 
Italian implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than 
they would have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” 
principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to 
the highest – is the following:  
• 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
• 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
• 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
• 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
• 
holders of senior notes;  
• 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
• 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within 100,000 Euros are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) are 
a new category of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations, ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu without any 
preferences among themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the “General 
Bail-In Tool”). 
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities 
in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the 
cover pool and which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from 
the application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilization tools. These consist of 
the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD.  
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back 
liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State 
guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders 
and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses 
taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“BRRD Non-
Viability Loss Absorption”).  
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the 
relevant entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) 
the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the a relevant entity or, in 
certain circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are 
written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant 
entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious 
disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as “BRRD II”) published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. With regard to the date of application, 
Member States were required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with 
certain requirements relating to the implementation of the total loss absorbency capacity standard 
(“TLAC”) applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL 
requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 
1 January 2022. The BRRD II has been transposed under Italian law, in accordance with the European 
Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 April 2021, by Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 
2021, which has mainly amended the provisions set out under Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 
November 2015, the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the Consolidated Finance Act to take into 
account the provisions of the BRRD II. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things:

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
• 
full implementation of the Financial Stability Board's TLAC standard ("FSB") in the EU and 
revisions to the existing MREL regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework that include 
changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can 
be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and 
disclosure requirements on institutions; 
• 
the introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution 
entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed Euro 
100 billion; 
• 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on 
the contractual stays in resolution; and  
• 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
In particular, with a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU 
Banking Reform Package and the BRRD II introduce MREL applicable to G-SIIs with the TLAC standard 
and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs 
comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given 
G-SII. Neither the Bank nor any member of BMPS has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2020 list of 
global systemically important banks published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
BRRD II introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement) applicable to G-SIIs only. The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new 
category of banks, so-called top-tier banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-
SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed Euro 100 billion. At the same time, 
the BRRD II introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be 
able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top tier banks comply with 
a supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is 
also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise 
be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and 
employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the SRB published a non-binding policy named “Minimum Requirements for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, aiming at helping to ensure 
that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution plans for all types of banks, as 
well as promoting a level playing field across banks including subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) 
banks. The policy addresses the following topics: 
(a) calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to 
MREL calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(b) subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: 
(i) Pillar 1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable 
Pillar 1 MREL requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities 
that are subordinated to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ 
resolution authorities shall ensure that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are 
equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be 
subject to a subordination requirement only upon the decision of the resolution authority to 
avoid a breach of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, following a bank-specific assessment

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
carried out as part of resolution planning; 
(c) internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively 
expand the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, 
and it may waive subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal 
MREL at certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility 
permitting the use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member State of the 
resolution entity; 
(d) MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain 
types of cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the 
resolution entity to comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive 
the internal MREL of the legal entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
(e) eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how 
liabilities issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through 
contractual recognition; and 
(f) transition arrangements: the policy explains the operation of transitional periods up to the 
2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 
2023, also stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on 
the MREL tailored to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in 
raising MREL-eligible liabilities). 
Such “Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking 
Package” was updated by the SRB in May 2021. The updated policy introduces a number of new 
elements and refinements, based on the changes required by the Banking Package. In particular, the 
updated policy introduces: 
• 
the MREL maximum distributable amount (MDA). This allows the SRB to restrict banks’ 
earnings distribution if there are MREL breaches; 
• 
policy criteria to identify systemic subsidiaries for which granting of an internal MREL waiver 
would raise financial stability concerns (based on the absolute asset size and relative 
contribution to resolution group); and 
• 
the approach to MREL-eligibility of UK instruments without bail-in clauses. 
It also refines: 
• 
the methodology to estimate the Pillar 2 requirements (P2R) post-resolution, i.e. one of the 
components used for MREL calibration; 
• 
the MREL calibration on preferred vs variant resolution strategy, confirming that the SRB 
computes MREL in line with the preferred strategy; and 
• 
the MREL calibration methodology for liquidation entities, where the SRB clarifies that the loss 
absorption amount (LAA) may increase beyond the default adjustment in proportion to 
financial stability concerns. 
In April 2020, the SRB published a letter which was sent to banks under its remit, outlining potential 
operational relief measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Of particular note, the SRB stated that; 
(a) it is committed to working on 2020 resolution plans and issuing 2020 decisions on MREL 
according to the planned deadlines but it will apply a pragmatic and flexible approach to 
consider, where necessary, postponing less urgent information or data requests related to the 
2020 resolution planning cycle; and 
(b) it regards the liability data report, the additional liability report and the MREL quarterly 
template as essential and it expects banks to make every effort to deliver these documents on

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
time but will assess possible leeway in submission dates for other reports, such as those 
related to critical functions and access to financial market infrastructures. 
In July 2020, the EBA published a statement on resolution planning in the light of COVID-19. The EBA 
stated that it aims to reaffirm that resolution planning is crucial in times of uncertainty to ensure that 
resolution is a credible option in case of failure. The focus of the statement is ensuring that the current 
situation is effectively taken into account by resolution authorities while maintaining a “through the 
cycle” approach and ensuring that resolvability objectives are achieved. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal 
provisions of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR, CRR and CRD IV) in reply to 
questions raised by NCAs, addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain 
distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated 
eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) 
bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) write down or conversion of capital instruments 
and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution; 
and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same Commission, the 
notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, while it does not 
extend in any way the rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any 
additional requirements of the concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has 
been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft uniform 
reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – 
respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards 
the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date 
of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) 
of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
The Regulatory Treatment of NPLs 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the "Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", and on 15 
March 2018 the "Addendum to ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", both addressed to 
credit institutions, as defined pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1, of the CRR. These guidance papers 
are addressed, in general, to all significant institutions subject to direct supervision in the context of 
the SSM, including their international subsidiaries. The ECB banking supervision identified in the 
aforementioned guidance a set of practices which are deemed useful to indicate the expectations of 
ECB in relation to banking supervision. The documents set out measures, processes and best practices 
which should be integrated in the treatment of NPLs by banks, for which this issue should represent a 
priority. The ECB expects full adherence by banks to these guidance papers regarding the treatment of 
NPLs, which is expected to take into account the length of time a loan has been non-performing and 
the extent and valuation of collateral (if any). In particular, the addendum issued by the ECB on March 
2018 provides that, with respect to all the loans that will be qualified as Impaired Loans as from 2018, 
full coverage is expected for the unsecured portion of the NPL within two years and within seven years 
for secured portion at the latest.  
On 17 April 2019 the European Parliament and the Council has adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/630 
which is applicable from 26 April 2019 and introduces common minimum loss coverage levels for 
newly originated loans that become non-performing. Pursuant to this regulation, where the minimum 
coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the current coverage level and the 
requirement should be deducted from a bank's CET1 capital. Thus, the minimum coverage levels act as

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
a "statutory prudential backstop". The required coverage increases gradually depending on how long 
an exposure has been classified as nonperforming, being lower during the first years. In order to 
facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new rules should be applied in 
relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019 and exposures which were originated prior to 
26 April 2019 and are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution's exposure to 
the obligor. In addition, on 26 June 2020, the CRR Quick-fix amending the CRR and Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 as regards adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic was published, and 
provided – inter alia - a temporary extension of the preferential treatment under the NPL backstop 
received by NPLs guaranteed by official export credit agencies (ECAs) to NPLs guaranteed by the public 
sector in the context of measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic, recognising the similar characteristics shared by export credit agencies guarantees and 
COVID-19 related public guarantees. 
Following the adoption of the new regulation on the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs, on 22 August 2019 the 
ECB revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the 
addendum in order to limit the scope to NPEs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019, 
which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment, and to align the treatment with the Pillar 1 framework 
with reference to: (i) the relevant prudential provisioning time frames; (ii) the progressive path to full 
implementation; (iii) the split secured exposures; and (iv) the treatment of NPEs guaranteed/insured by 
an official export credit agency. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 
6 April 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation 
and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling 
NPLs. More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, the 
Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets 
for distressed assets (in particular call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit 
purchasers and the recovery of collateral – in this respect, it is worth mentioning that on 29 June 2021 
a draft overall compromise package concerning the new directive on credit servicers and credit 
purchasers has been agreed between the European Parliament and the Council and the relevant text 
law would be formally adopted after the revision of the text by the legal linguists of both institutions; 
establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used during the disposal of 
NPLs); (ii) Reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) Support the 
establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; (iv) Introduce 
precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real 
economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks.It should 
also be noted that in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB extended the preferential 
treatment foreseen for NPLs guaranteed or insured by Official Export Credit Agencies to 
nonperforming exposures that benefit from guarantees granted by national governments or other 
public entities, in line with the treatment provided in Regulation (EU) 2020/873. This means that banks 
would face a 0% minimum coverage expectation for the first seven years of the NPE vintage count. On 
24 November 2021, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on 
credit servicers and credit purchasers and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU, which 
sets out a harmonized regulatory framework for services in relation to non-performing loans and has 
to be implemented by Member States by 29 December 2023.

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
3. New accounting principles and the amendment of applicable accounting principles – IFRS 9, IFRS 15, 
IFRS 16 
In 2020 the following standards came into force: 
• 
Amendments to References to the Change to the Conceptual Framework (EU reg.  
2019/2075) 
• 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 – Definition of material (EU reg. 2019/2104) 
• 
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (EU reg. 2020/34) 
• 
Amendments to IFRS 3 – Business Combinations (EU reg. 2020/551) 
• 
Amendments to IFRS 16 – COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions (EU reg. 2020/1434) 
• 
The amendments to the accounting standard indicated above are not material for the Group. 
As of 30 September 2021, the accounting standard “Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and 
IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2” (EU Reg. 2021/25) applicable to reporting starting 
from 1 January 2021 has been endorsed by the European Commission. 
On July 2021, Reg. EU 2021/1080 was published. The regulation endorses the documents published by 
IASB: “Amendments to IFRS3, IAS 16, IAS 37 and Annual Improvements 2018-2020”. The proposed 
amendments are effective starting from 01 January 2022. The Early adoption is permitted, but not 
applied by the Group. On August 2021, Reg EU 2021/1421 was published; this regulation endorses 
the documents “ COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June” and extends by one year the 
period of application of the original amendment to IFRS 16 “COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions”, 
issued and approved in 2020.  
As at 30 September 2021, the IASB issued the following standards whose applications are subject to 
completion of the endorsement process by European Union, which is still ongoing: 
• 
Amendment to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 – Disclosure of accounting Policies 
(February 2021) 
• 
Amendment to IAS 8 - Definition of accounting Estimates (February 2021) 
• 
Amendment to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax related to Asset and Liabilities arising from a Single 
Transaction (May 2021) 
For more information regarding the application of these amendments, please refer to 2020  
Consolidated Financial Statements, Consolidated Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2021 and 
Consolidated interim Report as at 30 September 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
4. 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive and Single Resolution Fund 
With reference to the application of: (i) Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
European Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) BRRD; and (iii) Regulation (EU) 
no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the European Council establishing, inter alia, the SRF, 
which as of 1 January 2016 includes at national level, subfunds to which contributions collected at 
national level by Member States through their National Resolution Fund ("NRF") are allocated, the Bank 
is bound to provide the financial resources necessary to finance the DGS and the SRF.  
As a consequence of such introduction, the FITD, updated its by-laws through a shareholders 
resolution on 26 November 2015 anticipating the introduction of the prepayment mechanism (aimed 
at reaching the aforementioned multi-annual target with the target at 2024).  
In this context, the Bank of Italy, in its capacity as national resolution authority, set up the NRF, which 
collects from banks with registered offices in the Republic of Italy, ordinary and extraordinary

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
contributions, in accordance with the provisions of articles 82 and 83 of Decree  
180 (as defined above). The SRF and the NRF may in the future require contributions for an amount 
that cannot be currently determined.  
As of 30 September 2021, no value adjustments have been recognized in profit and loss statements. 
As of 31 December 2020, value adjustments for Euro 3.6 million (referring only to the investment in 
Carige) were recognised. The residual amount of the assets in the voluntary scheme, as of 30 
September 2021 and 31 December 2020, is equal to Euro 3.3 million (rounded).  
Voluntary scheme 
For the purpose of overcoming the negative position taken by the European Commission in respect of 
the use of mandatory contributions to support interventions in favour of banks in crisis, at the end of 
2015, in the context of the FITD, the voluntary scheme was established as an additional tool not 
subject to the restrictions of the EU regime and of the European Commission. The voluntary scheme 
provides for a maximum amount of Euro 795 million to be used to support interventions in favour of 
small banks in difficulty and subject to extraordinary administration procedure, in case of concrete 
recovery perspectives and for the purpose of avoiding higher burdens for the banking system 
consequent to liquidation or resolution interventions. Such resources are not immediately paid by 
adhering banks, which simply undertake to disburse them upon request on occasion of specific 
interventions, up to such maximum amount. The Group adhered to the voluntary scheme and 
accordingly committed its share of the maximum amount. 
On 30 November 2018, the management of the voluntary scheme, approved a new found increase to 
be immediately used to solve the crisis of Banca Carige S.p.A. (“Carige”), through the subscription of 
Euro 318.2 million of Tier 2 instruments issued by Carige.  
The contribution paid by banks adhering to the voluntary scheme represents an asset, recorded in the 
balance sheet of the participating banks (in the previous financial years the item “financial assets 
available for sale”, while as of 1 January 2018 under the item “other financial assets measured at fair 
value mandatory” as a consequence of the entry into force of IFRS 9). The recognition of the asset is 
also supported by the explicit provision contained in FITD’s by-laws relating to the voluntary scheme 
which provides for any realisations deriving from the purchase of equity interests to be reassigned to 
the banks participating in the same voluntary scheme. 
As of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, value adjustments for Euro 3.6 million (referring 
only to the investment in Carige) and Euro 8 million (referring only to the investment in Carige) were 
respectively recognised. The residual amount of the asset in the voluntary scheme, as of 31 December 
2020, is equal to Euro 3.3 million (rounded), Euro 6.8 million (rounded) as of 31 December 2019. 
5. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final set of amendments to its Basel III 
framework (known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, 
including: 
• 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
• 
limitations to the use of Internal Ratings-Based ("IRB") approaches, mainly banks will be 
allowed to use the Foundation Internal Ratings Based approach and the Standardised Approach 
with the advanced Internal Ratings Based approach still to be used for specialised lending; 
• 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be 
calculated only by using a new standardised approach; 
• 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
• 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5 per cent. of those generated by the

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
standardised approach. 
 On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a new package of reforms aimed at the 
banking sector to further strengthen the resilience of banks (known as the "Banking Package 2021"), 
with the proposed transposition into CRR and Directive 36/2013/EU (“CRD”) of the final standards 
approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, in relation to the treatment of the main risks 
(credit, market and operational) and the so-called "output floor" that aims to counter the possible 
underestimation of risk resulting from the use of banks' internal models. The Council agreed on its 
General Approach for the proposals on 8 November 2022. Interinstitutional negotiations (known as 
“trilogues”) with the European Parliament started on 9 March 2023 and ended in the provisional 
agreement reached on 27 June 2023. Once the approval process is completed, transposition of the 
directive will have to be carried out within 18 months from the date of publication in the EU Official 
Journal, while the new CRR provisions are expected to come into force from 1 January 2025 (with a 
five-year transitional arrangement), i.e. two years beyond the Basel-agreed deadline, which has already 
been deferred by one year in response to the pandemic crisis. 
6. 
Covered Bond Legislative Package 
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending the CRR 
have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 
190/2021, which designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of 
the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title 
I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 
190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to 
covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases subject to entry into force of the 
implementing measures as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. As per the 
implementing regulation, the Bank of Italy has launched a public consultation on 12 January 2023 with 
regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the 
conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging 
purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for issuing new 
issuance programmes; (iv) giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as 
counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level 
of over-collateralization for covered bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%). The public consultation ended on 11 
February 2023 and has brought to the publication of the 42th amendment to the Bank of Italy Circular 
No. 285/2013. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse 
and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for 
a liquidity reserve and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond 
structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, 
the Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of 
covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for 
obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a 
covered bond programme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for 
additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In 
particular, the Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit 
quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds of the issuing institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Regulation also 
requires a minimum level of overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in 
the case of the issuer’s insolvency or resolution.

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in order to align 
the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160. 
The consultation remained opened until 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegates the Italian 
Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the European 
Delegated Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures, and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option 
to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set 
out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets 
included in the cover pool). 
On 30 November 2021 the Decree 190/2021 implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was published in 
the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this 
respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options 
provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity 
date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations 
by 8 July 2022.

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR  
Introduction 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 8 September 2009 pursuant to Law 130 as 
a limited liability company with a sole quotaholder (società a responsabilità limitata con unico socio) 
under the name "Meti Finance S.r.l." and changed its name into "MPS Covered Bond S.r.l." and modified 
its corporate object by the resolution of the meeting of the Guarantor Quotaholders held on 11 March 
2010. The Guarantor is registered at the Companies' Registry of Treviso-Belluno under registration 
number 04323680266. The registered office of the Guarantor is at Conegliano (TV) – Italy - Via V. 
Alfieri, 1, 31015 and its telephone number is 0039 0438 360926. The Guarantor has no employees 
and no subsidiaries. The Guarantor's by-laws provides for the termination of the same in 31 December 
2100 subject to one or more extensions to be resolved, in accordance with the by-laws, by a 
Quotaholders's resolution. The Guarantor operates under the Italian law. 
The LEI of the Guarantor is 8156009A2CCB4953C448. 
Principal Activities 
The sole purpose of the Guarantor under the objects clause in its by-laws is the ownership of the 
Cover Pool and the granting to Bondholders of the Guarantee. From the date of its incorporation the 
Guarantor has not carried out any business activities nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness 
other than those incurred in the context of the Programme. 
Quota Capital 
The outstanding capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00 divided into quotas as described below. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the quotaholders of the Guarantor are as follows: 
Quotaholders 
Quota 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.14 
Euro 1,000.00 (10 per cent. of capital) 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Euro 9,000.00 (90 per cent. of capital) 
The Guarantor has not declared or paid any dividends or, save as otherwise described in this Base 
Prospectus, incurred any indebtedness. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The following table sets out certain information regarding the current members of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor. 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Guarantor 
Samuele Trombini 
Chairman of the Boards of Directors and 
Managing Director 
Samuele Trombini, Head of 
Administrative Management within 
the Credit Portfolio Governance 
Function of Banca Monte dei Paschi 
 
14 Whose 100 per cent. is held by Stichting Cima. Stichting Cima is a Dutch foundation, whose sole director is 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V.

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
di Siena S.p.A.  
Andrea Fantuz 
Director and Managing Director 
Andrea Fantuz, Analyst of Banca
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Barbara Fontani 
Director and Managing Director 
Barbara Fontani, Head of Structural 
Liquidity within the Treasury Finance 
and Capital Management Function of 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A. 
The business address of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor is Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano 
(TV), Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under the Quotaholder's Agrement, the quotaholder's meeting will appoint the controlling body (The 
Statutory Auditors or the Issuer's Sole Statutory Auditor). 
If, at any time, a Board of Statutory Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three 
members which shall appointed as follows: one by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and 
two by BMPS (designated one by BMPS and one by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.). The 
chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be one the members appointed by BMPS. The 
appointment of the Sole Statutory Auditor will be compliant with the Italian legislation. 
A Sole Statutory Auditor has been appointed by the quotaholder's meeting. 
Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the directors of the Guarantor and 
their private interests or other duties. 
The Quotaholders' Agreement 
Pursuant to the term of the Quotaholders' Agreement entered into on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus, between BMPS, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and the Representative of 
the Bondholders, the Quotaholders have agreed, inter alia, not to amend the by-laws (statuto) of the 
Guarantor and not to pledge, charge or dispose of the quotas (save as set out below) of the Guarantor 
without the prior written consent of the Representative of the Bondholders. The Quotaholders' 
Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Please also see section "Description of the Programme Documents - The Quotaholders' Agreement" 
below. 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year. 
Mr. Alberto De Luca, enrolled under number 148374 in the register of statutory auditors (Albo dei 
Revisori Legali) pursuant to Ministerial Decree dated 6 November 2007 (published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy number 92 of 20 November 2007) and enrolled in the National Counsel 
of Certified Public Accountants (Consiglio Nazionale dei Dottori Commercialisti e Esperti Contabili), 
whose offices are at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (Treviso) Italy, has been appointed to 
perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor for the period between the end of its 
first financial year (31 December 2009) and the end of its second financial year (31 December 2010). 
EY S.p.A. (now Ernst & Young S.p.A.), with registered office at Via Lombardia 31, 00187, Rome, Italy 
and authorized and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register (of auditing firms held 
by MEF, has been appointed (i) on 17 June 2013 to perform the audit of the financial statements of the 
Guarantor for the period between the year ended on 31 December 2013 and the year ended on 31 
December 2015, (ii) on 13 April 2016 to perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
for the period between the year ended on 31 December 2016 and the year ended on 31 December 
2018, and (iii) on 9 April 2019 to perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
period between the year ended on 31 December 2019 and the year ending on 31 December 2021.  
PricewaterHouseCoopers S.p.A., with registered office in Milan, Piazza Tre Torri, 2, tax code and Milan 
Companies' Register entry number 12979880155, a company entered in the Register of Auditors under 
no. 119644 and authorized and regulated by the MEF and registered in the special register of auditing 
companies kept by the MEF, was appointed on December 6, 2019, effective as of the Shareholders' 
Meeting to approve the financial statements as of December 31, 2020, to audit the financial 
statements of the Guarantor for the period from the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 to the fiscal 
year ending December 31, 2022. 
The Guarantor has not, from the end of its first financial year (31 December 2009), carried out any 
business activities nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the 
context of the Programme). Nevertheless, in accordance with Italian law (requiring all companies to 
approve a balance sheet within a specified period from the end of each financial year), the Guarantor 
has prepared its financial statements for the period between the end of its first financial year (31 
December 2009) and the end of its fourteenth financial year (31 December 2022). 
The financial statement of the Guarantor for the year ended on 31 December 2022 (the end of its 
fourteenth financial year), as approved by the meeting of the quotaholders of the Guarantor on 17 
April 2023, is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus (see section headed "Documents 
incorporated by reference" above).  
Montepaschi Group 
On 7 May 2010, the Bank of Italy has authorised the purchase by the Issuer of 90 per cent. of the 
quota capital of the Guarantor. The Guarantor is consolidated in the Montepaschi Group as it is 
reported in the financial statements as at 31 December 2015. For further information on the 
Montepaschi Group, please refer to paragraph "Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A." above.

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS  
GUARANTEE 
On 18 June 2010, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into the 
Guarantee, as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which the Guarantor issued, for 
the benefit of the Bondholders, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and independent guarantee 
to support payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme and of the amounts due to the Other Guarantor Creditors. Under the Guarantee the 
Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall 
become Due for Payment but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and (following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Resolution Event, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds by the relevant payment date, and the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor or, if earlier, the service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default 
Notice) unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, backed by 
the Cover Pool as provided under Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. Pursuant to the terms of 
the Guarantee, the recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to 
the assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
Under the Guarantee the parties thereof have agreed that as of the date of administrative liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in 
compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, the rights of the Bondholders 
against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Guarantor Available 
Funds, provided that, pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, further to enforcement of the 
Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders shall participate to the final distribution of the Issuer’s assets in 
respect of any residual amount due to them with any other unsecured creditor including – pursuant to 
article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 – any derivative transaction counterparty.  
The Guarantor, pursuant to the Guarantee, shall pay or procure to be paid to the Bondholders: 
(1) 
without prejudice to the effects of a suspension of payments by the Issuer pursuant to article 
74 of the Consolidated Banking Act and to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, following the 
service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to a 
Guarantor Event of Default), on each Guarantor Payment Date that falls on an Interest Payment 
Date, an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall become Due for Payment, 
but which have not been paid by the Issuer to the relevant Bondholders on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; or 
(2) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche (which shall have become immediately due and repayable), the 
Guaranteed Amounts. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
assessments or other governmental charges is required by law or regulation or administrative practice 
of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor shall pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax 
authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor shall not be obliged to 
pay any additional amount to any Bondholder on account of any withholding or deduction, regardless 
of any such obligation of the Issuer.  
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount 
under the Guarantee, nothing shall prevent or limit the right of the Guarantor to be fully and

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
 
automatically subrogated to the Bondholders' rights against the Issuer for the payment of an amount 
corresponding to the payments made by the Guarantor with respect to the relevant Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, provided that, pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 
130, further to enforcement of the Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders shall participate in the final 
distribution of the Issuer’s assets in respect of any residual amount due to them with any other 
unsecured creditor including – pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 – any derivative 
transaction counterparty.  
Governing law 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by Italian law. 
SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENTS  
Each of BMPS and BAV, respectively on 25 May 2010 and on 27 May 2011 entered into with the 
Guarantor the respective Subordinated Loan Agreements, as amended and restated from time to time, 
in accordance with Law 130 under which each of BMPS and BAV, acting respectively as Principal 
Subordinated Lender and Additional Subordinated Lender, granted to the Guarantor a term loan facility 
in an aggregate amount equal to the relevant Total Commitment, increased by any amount required to 
meet the Tests, for the purposes of funding the purchase price of the Eligible Assets pursuant to the 
terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Following the merger by way of incorporation of Banca Antonveneta S.p.A. ("BAV") in BMPS with effect 
as of 28 April 2013 (the "Merger") BMPS assumed all rights and obligations of BAV in the capacity as 
Additional Subordinated Lender under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme 
Documents shall be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles 
previously carried out by BAV. 
Under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the Principal Seller and the Additional Seller, in 
their capacity, respectively, as Principal Subordinated Lender and Additional Subordinated Lender, will 
from time to time grant to the Guarantor Term Loans in the form of (i) a Programme Term Loan, or (ii) 
a Floating Interest Term Loan, or (iii) a Fixed Interest Term Loan. 
Each Programme Term Loan will be granted for the purpose of, inter alia, (i) funding the purchase price 
of the Eligible Assets included in the Initial Portfolio and in any New Portfolios to be transferred to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, and/or (ii) remedying any breach of the 
Tests and complying with the limits under article 129, par. 1a. of the CRR, and/or (iii) funding the 
purchase price of the Eligible Assets to be transferred to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement for overcollateralisation purposes and/or (iv) funding the redemption of a 
Floating Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan at the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity 
Date, if applicable) of the Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and/or (v) crediting into 
the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, which will be sufficient in order 
to comply with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Each Floating Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan will be granted for the purpose of, inter 
alia, (i) funding the purchase price of the Eligible Assets included in any New Portfolios to be 
transferred to the Guarantor in connection with the issue of a Corresponding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme, and/or (ii) reimbursing (also in part) any Term Loan 
for an amount equal to the Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and/or (iii) crediting 
into the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, which will be sufficient in 
order to comply with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
The rate of interest applicable (x) in respect of each Programme Term Loan for each relevant Loan 
Interest Period shall be equal to EURIBOR plus a Margin (the "Base Interest") and shall be payable to 
each relevant Subordinated Lender, together with a Premium (if any), on each Guarantor Payment Date 
in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; and (y) in respect of each Floating Interest Term

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan for each relevant Loan Interest Period shall be equal to the interest 
computed under the Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (the "Corresponding Interest") 
and shall be payable to each relevant Subordinated Lender on each Guarantor Payment Date following 
the Guarantor Calculation Date which falls after an Interest Payment Date of the Corresponding Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. No Premium shall 
be payable on the Floating Interest Term Loan(s) or Fixed Interest Term Loan(s), provided that 
following the delivery of Breach of Tests Notice non payment of interest under any Term Loan shall be 
made by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender. 
Each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice according to the relevant Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Guarantor 
Available Funds, provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests and 
provided that no Breach of Tests Notice has been delivered.  
Each Programme Term Loan, unless repaid in full prior to such date, shall be repaid on the Maturity 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, if applicable, of the latest maturing Series of Covered Bonds within 
the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Each Floating Interest Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan, unless repaid in full prior to such date, 
shall be repaid, in full or in part, starting from the Guarantor Payment Date falling after the Maturity 
Date (or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date) of the Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds and 
thereafter on any Guarantor Payment Date, and shall be payable within the limits of the then Guarantor 
Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Under the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the parties thereof have agreed that each Term Loan (in the 
form of a Programme Term Loan, or a Floating Interest Term Loan, or a Fixed Interest Term Loan) may 
– but will not be required to – be exceptionally redeemed (in whole or in part) on each Guarantor 
Payment Date in order to remedy any breach to the threshold provided for under Article 129, 
paragraph (1a) of the CRR, provided that such breach may not be remedied by purchasing new Eligible 
Assets under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, provided, in any event, that such redemption 
does not result in a breach of the Tests. 
Amounts owed to each Subordinated Lender by the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements will be subordinated to amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by Italian law. 
MASTER ASSETS PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
On 25 May 2010, BMPS and the Guarantor entered into the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, as 
amended and restated from time to time in accordance with the combined provisions of articles 4 and 
title I-bis of Law 130, pursuant to which BMPS, in its capacity as Principal Seller, assigned and 
transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and the Guarantor purchased, without 
recourse (pro soluto), the Eligible Assets comprised in the Initial Portfolio. 
On 27 May 2011, BAV acceded, in its capacity as Additional Seller, to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement pursuant to which assigned and transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the 
Guarantor and the Guarantor purchased, without recourse (pro soluto), a New Portfolio of Eligible 
Assets. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed all rights and obligations of BAV in the capacity as 
Additional Seller under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme Documents shall 
be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles previously carried 
out by BAV. 
Under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, 
the Principal Seller:

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
(a) 
undertook to assign and transfer in the future, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor 
and the Guarantor undertook to purchase in the future, without recourse (pro soluto) from the 
Principal Seller, New Portfolios if such transfer is required under the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, 
provided that, according to Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, in case of breach of the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement the Principal Seller undertook to assign and the Guarantor 
undertook to purchase Liquidity Assets only;  
(b) 
may transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase such New 
Portfolios, in order to (i) supplement the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance by BMPS of 
further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or (ii) invest Principal Available Funds in excess with respect to the Tests, 
also for the purposes of ensuring compliance of the Cover Pool with the thresholds required 
under Article 129, paragraph (1a) of the CRR, in other Eligible Assets. 
Pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Guarantor further undertook to purchase any 
New Portfolios transferred from time to time by any other eligible bank part of the Montepaschi Group 
which will accede to the Programme as Additional Seller. 
Prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, Portfolios may only be offered or purchased if 
inter alia the following conditions are satisfied: 
(1) 
the First Series of Covered Bonds (or, as the case may be, the Series of Covered Bonds 
immediately preceding the assignment of such Portfolios) has been issued and fully 
subscribed; 
(2) 
a Guarantor Default Notice has not been served on the Guarantor; 
(3) 
with respect to any assignment (i) of Eligible Assets by the relevant Seller(s) in order to 
supplement the Cover Pool against the issuance of further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
or (ii) made in order to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool to the Tests 
(a) 
the Guarantor has received from the relevant Seller(s) the amounts due under the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement for the payment of the purchase price relating to 
the assigned Portfolios; and  
(b) 
no Insolvency Event in respect of the relevant Seller(s) occurred; 
(4) 
with respect to any assignment made to invest Principal Available Funds, which are in excess 
of the Tests, in Eligible Assets, also for the purposes of ensuring compliance of the Cover Pool 
with the thresholds required under Article 129, paragraph (1a) of the CRR, a Breach of Tests 
Notice or a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has not been served on the Guarantor and/or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, and sufficient Principal Available Funds, where the relevant 
purchase price of the Portfolios is not financed through a Subordinated Loan, are available at 
each relevant Execution Date. 
The Initial Portfolio Purchase Price payable pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement is equal 
to the aggregate Purchase Price of all the Eligible Assets included in the Initial Portfolio. 
The Purchase Price for the Receivable included in the Initial Portfolio was equal to the sum of the most 
recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the each Receivable (a) minus the 
aggregate amount of (i) the accrued interest as at 1 January 2010 (excluded) included in such book 
value with respect to each Receivable; and (ii) any collections with respect to principal received by the 
Principal Seller with respect to each Receivable included in the Initial Portfolio starting from 1 January 
2010 (included) until the relevant Valuation Date (included); and (b) increased of the aggregate amount 
of the Accrued Interest of each Receivable included in the Initial Portfolio. 
The purchase Price for the Receivables included in the second Portfolio, in the third Portfolio, in the 
fourth Portfolio, in the BAV Portfolio, in the fifth Portfolio and in the sixth Portfolio was equal to the 
sum of the Individual Purchase Price of all the Eligible Assets included in the relevant Portfolio at the

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
relevant Valuation Date. 
BMPS has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from BMPS, the Eligible Assets 
comprised in the Initial Portfolio, in the second Portfolio, in the third Portfolio, in the fourth Portfolio, 
in the fifth Portfolio and in the sixth Portfolio and BAV has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor 
has purchased from BAV the BAV Portfolio which meet the Common Criteria (described in detail in the 
section headed "Description of the Cover Pool") and the relevant Additional Criteria. Receivables 
comprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement shall 
meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria and/or any Additional Criteria 
(both as defined below). 
As consideration for the transfer of any New Portfolios, pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, the Guarantor will pay to BMPS, or any Additional Seller(s) acceding to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement and the other relevant Programme Documents, an amount equal to the aggregate 
of the Purchase Price of all the relevant Receivables as at the relevant Valuation Date. The Purchase 
Price for each Eligible Asset included in each New Portfolio will be (X) with respect to each Receivable, 
the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant Receivable: (a) minus 
the aggregate amount of (i) the accrued interest obtained at the date of the last financial statement 
with reference to such Receivable and included in such book value; and (ii) any collections with respect 
to principal received by the relevant Seller with respect to such Receivable, starting from the date of 
the most recent financial statement (ultimo bilancio) until the relevant Valuation Date (included); and 
(b) increased of the aggregate amount of the Accrued Interest with respect to such Receivable obtained 
at the relevant Valuation Date; or (Y) such other value, pursuant to Title I-bis of Law 130, as indicated 
by the Principal Seller (or each Additional Seller(s)) in the relevant Transfer Proposal (also with respect 
to any further Eligible Assets different from the Receivables). 
Pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, prior to the service of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice, BMPS and BAV will have the right to repurchase Eligible Assets, in accordance with articles 1260 
and following of the civil code or in accordance with article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as the 
case may be, transferred to the Guarantor under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement in the 
following circumstances: 
(1) 
to purchase UTP Assets; 
(2) 
to purchase Excess Assets (to be selected by the relevant Seller); 
(3) 
to purchase Affected Assets; 
(4) 
to purchase Eligible Assets which have become non-eligible in accordance with Law 130 and 
the Bank of Italy Regulations; 
(5) 
Receivables, not included under the Eligible Assets from (a) to (d) above, being subject to 
renegotiations with the relevant Debtor pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement or which 
have become the object of judicial proceedings; and 
(6) 
Receivables not included under the Eligible Assets under point (a) above, in respect of which 
there are 6 unpaid Instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with 
monthly instalments), 2 unpaid Instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage 
Loans with quarterly instalments) or 1 unpaid Instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving 
from Mortgage Loans with semi-annual instalments). 
If on any Test Calculation Date or Quarterly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, a Test 
Performance Report specifies that the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the relevant Test, then the 
Principal Seller, (and/or any Additional Seller(s) in respect of each relevant New Portfolio transferred to 
the Guarantor will either (i) sell additional Eligible Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to 
allow the relevant Test to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date as determined in the 
immediately following Test Performance Report, in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of Term

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
Loans to be granted by the Principal Seller (and/or any Additional Seller(s)) or (ii) substitute any 
relevant assets in respect of which the right of repurchase can be exercised under the terms of the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement with new Eligible Assets, for an amount sufficient to allow the 
relevant Test to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date as determined in the immediately 
following Test Performance Report. 
After the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor may or shall, if necessary in order to effect timely payments 
under the Covered Bonds, sell the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement and BMPS, or any Additional Seller(s), as the case may 
be, has the right of pre-emption to buy such Eligible Assets. 
Subject to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Guarantor has irrevocably 
granted, pursuant to Article 1331 of the Civil Code, to BMPS an option right pursuant to which BMPS 
shall have the right, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to substitute each of the 
Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool with other Eligible Assets, solely upon the occurrence of a 
breach of the Tests (prior to the issuance of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice) and for the sole purpose 
of remedying the breach of one of the Tests, it being understood that, in case of breach of the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement, BMPS shall have the option to substitute each of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool, in order to remedy to such breach, with Liquidity Assets only. The 
substitution may be carried out only in accordance with the applicable provisions, including secondary 
regulations, from time to time applicable to the issuance of covered bonds. 
The transfer of the Initial Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 63 of 29 May 2010 and filed for publication in the companies register of Treviso on 
03 June 2010. 
The transfer of the second Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 143 of 2 December 2010 and filed for publication in the companies register of Treviso 
on 1 December 2010. 
The transfer of the third Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 25 of 3 March 2011 and filed for publication in the companies register of Treviso on 1 
March 2011. 
The transfer of the BAV Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130) (the “BAV Portfolio”). Notice of the 
transfer was published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) Parte II, number 63 of 4 June 2011 and filed for publication in the companies 
register of Treviso on 7 June 2011. 
The transfer of the fourth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 111 of 24 September 2011 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 23 September 2011. 
The transfer of the fifth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was published in 
the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) Parte II, 
number 73 of 22 June 2013 and filed for publication in the companies register of Treviso on 25 June

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
2013. 
The transfer of the sixth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 110 of 24 September 2015 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 22 September 2015. 
The transfer of the seventh Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 113 of 5 November 2016 and filed for publication in the companies register of Treviso 
on 4 November 2016. 
The transfer of the eighth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte II, number 154 of 31 December 2016 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 29 December 2016. 
The transfer of the ninth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte seconda, number 54 of 10 May 2018 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 7 May 2018.  
The transfer of the tenth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte seconda, number 28 of 7 March 2019 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 1 March 2019.  
The transfer of the eleventh Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte seconda, number 124 of 22 October 2019 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 18 October 2019.  
The transfer of the twelfth Portfolio was made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of Law 130). Notice of the transfer was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
Parte seconda, number 71 of 18 June 2020 and filed for publication in the companies register of 
Treviso on 16 June 2020.  
For further details about the Cover Pool, see section headed "Description of the Cover Pool". 
Governing law 
The Master Assets Purchase Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
On 25 May 2010, BMPS, in its capacity as Principal Seller and the Guarantor entered into the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement, as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which BMPS has 
given certain representations and warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, 
the Eligible Assets and certain other matters in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds and has 
agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be 
incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the Eligible Assets.

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by BMPS as to 
matters of law and fact affecting BMPS including, without limitation, that BMPS validly exists as a legal 
entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Programme Documents to which it is 
party and assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations for 
such purpose. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Principal Seller (and each Additional Seller) has 
agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted 
assigns from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or 
incurred by such parties which arise out of or result from, inter alia, (a) a default by BMPS in the 
performance of any of its obligations under any Programme Document to which it is a party; (b) any 
representation and warranty given by BMPS under or pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect; (c) any alleged liability and/or claim raised by any 
third party against the Guarantor, as owner of the Receivables, which arises out of any negligent act or 
omission by BMPS in relation to the Receivables, the servicing and collection thereof or from any failure 
by BMPS to perform its obligations under any of the Programme Documents to which it is, or will 
become, a party; (d) the non-compliance of the terms and conditions of any Mortgage Loan with the 
provisions of article 1283 of the Civil Code; (e) the fact that the validity or effectiveness of any security, 
pledge, collateral or other security interest, relating to the Mortgage Loans, has been challenged by 
way of claw-back (azione revocatoria) or otherwise, including, without limitation, pursuant to article 
166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code; (f) any amount of any Receivable not being collected or 
recovered by the Guarantor as a consequence of the proper and legal exercise by any Debtor and/or 
insolvency receiver of a Debtor of any grounded right to termination, annullability or withdrawal, or 
other claims and/or counterclaims, including set off, against BMPS in relation to each Mortgage Loan 
Agreement, Mortgage Loan, Mortgage, Collateral Security and any other connected act or document, 
including, without limitation, any claim and/or counterclaim deriving from non-compliance with the 
Usury law provisions in the granting of the Mortgage Loan. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Italian law. 
MASTER SERVICING AGREEMENT  
On 25 May 2010, BMPS, in its capacity as Principal Servicer, and the Guarantor entered into the Master 
Servicing Agreement, as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which (i) the Guarantor 
has appointed BMPS as Principal Servicer to carry out the administration, management, collection and 
recovery activities relating to the Eligible Assets comprised in each portfolio to be transferred in 
accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and to act as "soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to article 2, sub-
paragraph 3, of Law 130, and (ii) have agreed, in case an Additional Seller will enter into the 
Programme, the terms of the appointment of such Additional Seller to act as Additional Servicer in 
relation to the administration, management and collection activities related to the Eligible Assets 
forming part of each New Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor by such Additional Seller. 
On 27 May 2011, BAV, in its capacity as Additional Seller, acceded to the Master Servicing Agreement 
in its capacity as Additional Servicer. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed all rights and obligations of 
BAV in the capacity as Additional Servicer under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the 
Programme Documents shall be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities 
and roles previously carried out by BAV. 
The receipt of the Collections is the responsibility of the Principal Servicer and further to the relevant 
accession to the Master Servicing Agreement, of the relevant Additional Servicer(s), acting as agent 
(mandatario) of the Guarantor. Under the Master Servicing Agreement, the relevant Servicer shall (i) 
credit to the relevant collection account any and all Collections related to the relevant Eligible Assets

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
within the Business Day immediately following receipt, and (ii) starting from the Issue Date of the first 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, within one Business Day from the day on which the relevant 
Collections have been credited to the collection account, will credit the relevant amounts to the Main 
Programme Account. 
The Servicer will also be responsible for carrying out, on behalf of the Guarantor, in accordance with 
the Master Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy, any activities related to the 
management, enforcement and recovery of the Defaulted Receivables and UTP Receivables. The 
Servicer may sub-delegate to one or more entities, further activities in addition to those indicated in 
sup-paragraph (i) above, subject to the limitations set out in the supervisory regulations and with the 
prior written notice to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Rating Agencies, 
provided that such subdelegation does not prejudice the compliance by the Servicer with its 
obligations under the Master Servicing Agreement. The Servicer shall remain fully liable vis-à-vis the 
Guarantor for the performance of any activity so delegated. 
The Servicer has been authorised, prior to a breach of the Tests and serving of a Breach of Tests Notice 
and/or Guarantee Enforcement Notice to the Issuer and Guarantor, to reach with the Debtors any 
settlement agreements or payment extensions or moratorium or similar arrangements (including any 
renegotiation in relation to the interest rates and margins), in accordance with the provisions of the 
Credit and Collection Policy. 
Following (i) a breach of the Tests and until such breach is continuing, or (ii) the delivery to the 
Guarantor and Issuer of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice and/or Breach of Tests Notice, the Servicer 
will not be authorised to reach with any Debtors, to grant any release with respect to the Receivables 
or enter into any amendment to the Mortgage Loan Agreements, save where required by any applicable 
laws or expressly authorised by the guarantor and prior notice of the relevant amendment to the 
Rating Agencies. 
The Principal Servicer, in relation to its servicing activities pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement, 
has confirmed its willingness to be the autonomous holder (titolare autonomo del trattamento dei dati 
personali) together with the Guarantor, for the processing of personal data in relation to the 
Receivables, pursuant to the Privacy Law and to be responsible, in such capacity, for processing such 
data. 
The Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the 
Master Servicing Agreement. 
The Principal Servicer has undertaken to prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Asset 
Monitor, the Swap Counterparties, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator and the Rating Agencies the Monthly 
Servicer's Report Date and the Quarterly Servicer's Report Date. 
Upon accession to the Master Servicing Agreement (i) each Additional Servicer(s) will prepare and 
deliver to the Principal Servicer its Servicer's Report substantially in the form of the Monthly Servicer's 
Report Date or the Quarterly Servicer's Report Date, provided that such reports will be prepared and 
delivered with respect to each relevant New Portfolio which will be assigned and transferred by each 
Additional Servicer, in its capacity as Additional Seller, in the context of the Programme pursuant to 
the relevant Master Assets Purchase Agreement, and (ii) upon receipt from each Additional Servicer of 
the respective Servicer's Report, the Principal Servicer will prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Swap Counterparties, the Representative of the Bondholders, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the  
Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator and the Rating Agencies, the Servicer's 
Report which includes also the information contained in the Servicer's Reports prepared by the 
Additional Servicer. 
On 3 April 2012, the Guarantor has appointed Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as Backup

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
 
Servicer Facilitator, and Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. has accepted such appointment and 
has acceded to the Master Servicing Agreement. Upon the rating of the Servicer's long term 
unguaranteed, unsubordinated and unsecured obligation would have fallen below Baa3 by Moody's 
and/or "BBB-" from Fitch, (i) the Back-up Servicer Facilitator would have used its best effort to identify 
an entity suitable to act as back-up servicer in accordance with the Master Servicing Agreement (the 
"Back-up Servicer") and (ii) the Guarantor, subject to prior consultation with the Principal Servicer and 
the Representative of the Bondholders, would have appointed such Back-up Servicer within 45 days 
from the abovementioned downgrading. 
On 18 October 2012, the long term rating of the Principal Servicer's unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations has fallen below "Baa3" by Moody's. 
Further to the extensions of the timing provided for under the Master Servicing Agreement, on 8 April 
2013, the Guarantor appointed a Back-up Servicer which has been identified in Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A.. 
The Back-up Servicer would automatically succeed to the Servicer upon termination or resignation of 
the Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor servicer (the 
"Substitute Servicer") if certain events occur (each a "Servicer Termination Event"). The Servicer 
Termination Events include, inter alia, the following events: 
(1) 
failure on the part of the relevant Servicer(s) to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid 
or deposited which failure continues for a period of 7 Business Days following receipt by the 
Servicer of a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or 
deposited; 
(2) 
failure on the part of the relevant Servicer(s) to observe or perform any other term, condition, 
covenant or agreement provided for under the Master Servicing Agreement and the other 
Programme Documents to which it is a party, and the continuation of such failure for a period 
of 10 Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer(s) of written notice from the 
Guarantor, provided that a failure ascribable to any entities delegated by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Master Servicing Agreement shall not constitute a Servicer Termination 
Event unless in case of failure on the part of the Servicer itself; 
(3) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(4) 
it becomes unlawful for the relevant Servicer(s) to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under the Master Servicing Agreement or the other Programme Documents to 
which it is a party; 
(5) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the Bank 
of Italy's regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds 
transaction. 
Notice of any termination of the Servicer's appointment shall be given in writing, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Master Servicing Agreement, by the Guarantor to the Servicer with the prior 
agreement of the Representative of the Bondholders and shall be effective from the date of such 
termination or, if later, when the appointment of a Substitute Servicer becomes effective. 
The Guarantor may, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, appoint as Substitute 
Servicer any person who, inter alia:  
(1) 
meets the requirements of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy to act as Servicer; 
(2) 
has at least three years of experience (whether directly or through subsidiaries) in the 
administration of mortgage loans in Italy; 
(3) 
has available and is able to use software for the administration of mortgages compatible with

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
 
that of the Servicer; 
(4) 
has direct access and is able to use professionally, in the carrying out of the administration of 
the loans, software and hardware utilities which are compatible with those used until the 
revocation by the relevant Servicer(s) and, in any case, who has access to proper technologies 
and human resources for the carrying out of the relevant collection and recovery activities 
relating to the Receivables, and perform all other obligations in compliance with the standards 
provided by the Master Servicing Agreement and the Bank of Italy supervisory regulations 
(Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca d'Italia); and 
(5) 
has sufficient assets to ensure the continuous and effective performance of its duties. 
Pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement the Servicer shall not be entitled to resign from its 
appointment as Servicer prior to the relevant expiry date. 
Governing law 
The Master Servicing Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by Italian law. 
CASH ALLOCATION, MANAGEMENT AND PAYMENTS AGREEMENT 
On 18 June 2010, the Issuer, Italian Account Bank, Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, Principal 
Seller, Principal Servicer, Principal Subordinated Lender, Guarantor, Cash Manager, Principal Paying 
Agent, Italian Back-Up Account Bank, Payments Account Bank, Guarantor Calculation Agent, Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, and Representative of the Bondholders 
entered into the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
On 27 May 2011, BAV, in its capacity as Additional Seller, Additional Servicer and Additional 
Subordinated Lender, acceded the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Furthermore, on 11 October 2023, the parties to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement agreed to substitute the English bank accounts then opened with The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch, with the following new Italian bank accounts: the Main Programme Account, 
the Reserve Account and the Swap Collateral Accounts, all opened with The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Milan Branch. The relevant parties agreed to complete the procedures for the transfer of the 
balance standing to the credit of the former English bank accounts, to the relevant new Italian bank 
accounts, for the closing of the former English bank accounts and for the release of the relevant deed 
of charge, within few weeks from signing. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, inter alia: 
(A) 
the Guarantor has appointed (i) BMPS as Italian Account Bank and, until the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice in accordance with the Programme Documents, Pre-Issuer Default 
Test Calculation Agent; (ii) Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., as Cash Manager; (iii) The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch as Payments Account Bank and Italian Back-Up 
Account Bank and, from the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered 
in accordance with the Programme Documents, Principal Paying Agent; (iv) Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as Guarantor Calculation Agent and, from the date on which a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice has been delivered in accordance with the Programme Documents, Post-
Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent;  
(B) 
the Issuer has appointed The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch as Principal Paying 
Agent until the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice;  
(C) 
the Italian Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the Italian Collection Account and the Expenses Account and to provide the 
Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account handling services in relation to 
monies from time to time standing to the credit of such accounts. In addition the Italian Account

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
 
Bank has agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain payment services pursuant to the terms of 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
(D) 
the Cash Manager has agreed, inter alia, to invest money standing to the credit of any of the 
Reserve Account and/or the Main Programme Account to purchase Eligible Investments;  
(E) 
the Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to operate the Expenses Account in order to make 
certain payments as set out in the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement; 
(F) 
each of the Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer (if any) has agreed to operate the the 
Main Programme Account and the Reserve Account in accordance with the instructions of the 
Guarantor and the provisions of the Agreement and the Master Servicing Agreement; 
(G) 
the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain 
payment services together with certain calculation services pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and to this purpose, inter alia, determine on 
each Interest Determination Date or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms after the delivery 
of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the relevant Rate of Interest, 
the Interest Amount and any other amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond of each 
Series and Tranche and notify the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Servicer and the Representative of the Bondholders of such determination; 
(H) 
the Payments Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of 
the Guarantor, subject to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Payments Account, 
until the earlier of the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their 
Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, the Payments Account Bank and the Guarantor have 
undertaken that the Payments Accounts shall be operational by no later than 5 Business Day 
after the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is delivered; 
(I) 
the Principal Paying Agent has agreed, inter alia, that (A) prior to the delivery of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice, it will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and the provisions of 
the Cash, Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement which regulate the payments 
through Euronext Securities Milan; and (B) following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice and/or a Guarantor Default Notice, on each Business Day preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date which corresponds to an Interest Payment Date and/or a Maturity Date and/or an 
Extended Maturity Date or on any date on which a payment on the Covered Bonds has to be 
made in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and the provisions of the Guarantee, it will 
make payments from the Payments Account of any Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount 
in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds outstanding on behalf of the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Guarantee and the provisions of the Cash, Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement which regulate the payments through Euronext Securities Milan (provided 
that it shall not be obliged (but only entitled) to make any such payments if it has not received 
the full amount of any payment due to it. 
(J) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services 
with respect to the Accounts and the Guarantor Available Funds and prepare and deliver to the 
Principal Servicer for such purpose the Payments Report, which shall, inter alia (i) take into 
account any calculations made under the Swap Agreements in relation to payments due or to 
become due by the next following Calculation Date; and (ii) reflect the occurrence of any (a) 
Segregation Event if a Breach of Tests Notice has been delivered and/or (b) any Issuer Event of 
Default if a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered. 
Pursuant to clause 3.7 of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, upon any entity 
belonging to the Montepaschi Group acceding to the Programme as Additional Seller in accordance

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
 
with the Programme Documents, the Guarantor shall open a specific collection account with an Eligible 
Institution in Italy and, subject to the terms of this Agreement, shall at all times maintain, until the 
date on which all Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their terms and conditions, such specific collection account for the 
purpose of crediting thereto any Collections and Recoveries in respect of the Eligible Assets 
transferred by the relevant Additional Seller. In accordance with such provision BAV has opened with 
the Italian Account Bank such a specific collection account (the "BAV Collection Account"). 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders) revoke its 
appointment of any Agent, by giving not less than three months' (or less in the event of a breach of 
warranties and covenants) written notice to the Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the 
Bondholders), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred. Prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Issuer may revoke its 
appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, by giving not less than three months' (or less in the event 
of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to 
the Representative of the Bondholders). Any Agent may resign from its appointment under the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such 
shorter period as the Representative of the Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination 
to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain 
conditions set out in the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, provided that notice 
of such resignation has been given to the Rating Agencies by the Guarantor or the Representative of 
the Bondholders (or the resigning Agent) and a valid substitute has been appointed. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
THE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may, but is not obliged to, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swap Agreements on 
each Issue Date with one or more Covered Bond Swap Providers to hedge certain interest rate, currency 
and other risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Cover Pool and the Asset 
Swap Agreements and amounts payable by the Guarantor under, prior to the service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice, the Subordinated Loan and, following a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Covered Bonds. The aggregate notional amount of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) for each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds shall be the nominal amount on issue of such Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap Agreement currently in place or which may be entered into in the future has, 
or will have, the following characteristics. 
Under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Providers 
on each Guarantor Payment Date the notional amount (being the principal amount outstanding of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds) multiplied by three month EURIBOR plus a margin. In 
return the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s) will pay to the Guarantor on each Interest Payment Date the 
same notional amount multiplied by a rate linked to the interest rate payable on such Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap Agreement is scheduled to terminate on the Maturity Date of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series or Tranche and may or may not take account of any extension of the 
Maturity Date under the terms of such Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement. The occurrence of certain other termination events contained in a Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement may cause it to terminate prior to its scheduled termination date, as described in more 
detail below.

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
 
In addition, for issues in a currency other than Euro, the Guarantor may enter into one or more cross 
currency swaps to mitigate currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the 
Cover Pool and the Asset Swap Agreements and amounts payable by the Guarantor following a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, under the Covered Bonds. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool purchased by the Guarantor from time to time will pay a 
variable rate of interest and other Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of interest. The Guarantor may, 
but is not obliged to, enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements with one or more Asset Swap 
Providers to hedge the risks linked to interest it receives on the Cover Pool to ensure that it has 
sufficient funds to meet its quarterly payment obligations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has not entered into an Asset Swap Agreement. 
If entered into, it is anticipated that the Asset Swap Agreement will have the following characteristics. 
The aggregate notional amount of the Asset Swap Agreement shall be the value of the Cover Pool 
outstanding from time to time excluding any Defaulted Loans (the "Asset Swap Notional"). 
The Guarantor shall pay to the Asset Swap Provider all the interest collections it receives (both fixed 
and floating) from the Cover Pool and receive from the Asset Swap Provider the Asset Swap Notional 
multiplied by three month EURIBOR plus a margin of 125 basis points (linked to the weighted average 
margin of the initial Cover Pool) which may be revised from time to time by the Parties. 
The Asset Swap Agreement is scheduled to terminate on the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
outstanding balance of the Cover Pool is zero (ii) the final maturity date of the longest Mortgage Loan 
included in the Cover Pool (iii) 31 December 2055 and (iv) the date on which all Covered Bonds are 
redeemed in full and no further Series or Tranches are to be issue. The occurrence of certain other 
termination events contained in the Asset Swap Agreement may cause it to terminate prior to its 
scheduled termination date, as described in more detail below. 
If any Additional Seller joins the Programme, then it may (subject to it being suitably rated or 
supported by a suitably rated entity) enter into an Asset Swap Agreement with the Guarantor in respect 
of the Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool transferred by it. If, however, any such Additional Seller or its 
credit support provider is not so rated, another entity with the required rating may enter into an Asset 
Swap Agreement with the Guarantor in respect of the Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool transferred by 
such Additional Seller. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of a Swap Provider or its credit 
support provider are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agencies), then such Swap Provider will, in 
accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which 
may include: 
(1) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(2) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity 
with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency in order to maintain the rating of the 
Covered Bonds, or 
(3) 
procuring another entity, with the ratings meeting the relevant Rating Agency's criteria in order 
to maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, to become co obligor or guarantor in respect of 
such Swap Provider's obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(4) 
taking such other action as agreed with the relevant Rating Agency provided that it will not 
adversely affect the ratings of the then outstanding Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds. 
A failure by the relevant Swap Provider to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
 
Agreement will allow the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Any Swap Provider that does not, on the day of entry into a Swap Agreement, have the adequate rating 
shall have its obligations to the Guarantor under such Swap Agreement guaranteed by an appropriately 
rated entity. 
Additional Termination Events 
A Swap Agreement may also be terminated early in certain other circumstances, including: 
(1) 
at the option of either party to the Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to pay 
any amounts due under such Swap Agreement, provided that this additional termination event 
will not apply if the failure to pay any amounts due under such Swap Agreement is due to the 
non-availability of Guarantor Available Funds; 
(2) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of either party to the Swap Agreement, or its credit 
support provider (if any), or the merger of one of the parties without an assumption of the 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(3) 
there is a change of law or change in application of any relevant law which results in the 
Guarantor or the Swap Provider (or both) being obliged to make a withholding or deduction on 
account of a tax on a payment to be made by such party to the other party under the Swap 
Agreement and the Swap Provider thereby being required under the terms of the Swap 
Agreement to gross up payments made to the Guarantor, or to receive net payments from the 
Guarantor (which is not required under the terms of the Swap Agreement to gross up payments 
made to the Swap Provider); and 
(4) 
there is a change in law which results in the illegality of the obligations to be performed by 
either party under the Swap Agreements. 
The following are also expected to constitute additional termination events, in whole or in part, as the 
case may be, with respect to the Guarantor in all the Swap Agreements: 
(A) 
amendment to the Transaction Documents without the prior written consent of the relevant 
Swap Provider when such Swap Provider is of the reasonable opinion that it is materially 
adversely affected as a result of such amendment; 
(B) 
in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Agreement, redemption and prepayment (in whole or in 
part) of any relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(C) 
in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Agreement, purchase and cancellation (in whole or in part) 
of any relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and 
(D) 
in respect of any Asset Swap Agreements, sale of any of the Mortgage Loans. 
Upon the termination of a Swap Agreement, the Guarantor or the Swap Provider may be liable to make 
a termination payment to the other party in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap 
Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and may be made in Euro or, if 
applicable, the currency of the related Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds if issued in a currency other 
than Euro. 
Credit Support Agreement 
If it enters into a Swap Agreement, the Guarantor will also enter into with each Swap Provider a credit 
support document in the form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the 
ISDA Master Agreement (each, a "Credit Support Agreement"). Each Credit Support Agreement will 
provide that, from time to time, if required to do so following its downgrade or the downgrade of its 
credit support provider and subject to the conditions specified in the Credit Support Agreement, the 
relevant Swap Provider will make transfers of collateral to the Guarantor in support of its obligations 
under the Swap Agreement (the "Swap Collateral") and the Guarantor will be obliged to return 
equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Agreement. Each Credit

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
Support Agreement will be governed by English Law. 
Swap Collateral required to be posted by the relevant Swap Provider pursuant to the terms of the Credit 
Support Agreement may be delivered in the form of cash or securities. Cash amounts will be paid into 
an account designated a "Swap Collateral Cash Account" and securities will be transferred to an 
account designated a "Swap Collateral Custody Account". References to a Swap Collateral Cash Account 
or to a Swap Collateral Custody Account and to payments from such accounts are deemed to be a 
reference to payments from such accounts as and when opened by the Guarantor. 
If a Swap Collateral Cash Account and/or a Swap Collateral Custody Account are opened, cash and 
securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available to be 
applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant 
Swap Provider in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Agreement. 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider directly in 
accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Agreement and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Withholding Tax 
Each Swap Provider will be obliged to make payments pursuant to the terms of its Swap Agreement 
without any withholding or deductions of taxes unless required by law. If any such withholding or 
deduction is required by law, the Swap Provider will, subject to certain conditions, be required to pay 
such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the 
Guarantor will equal the full amount the Guarantor would have received had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. The Guarantor is similarly obliged to make to make payments pursuant to 
the terms of the Swap Agreement without any withholding or deductions of taxes unless required by 
law. However, if any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Guarantor will not be 
required to pay such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received 
by the Swap Provider will equal the full amount the Swap Provider would have received had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Transfer of Obligations 
A Swap Provider may, at its own discretion and at its own expense, novate its rights and obligations 
under a Swap Agreement to any third party with the appropriate ratings, provided that, among other 
things, when the transferee is in a different jurisdiction from the transferor, such transfer will not 
adversely affect the ratings of any then outstanding relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and 
such transferee agrees to be bound by, inter alia, the terms of the security to which the relevant Swap 
Agreement is subject, on substantially the same terms as the Swap Provider. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by English Law. 
MANDATE AGREEMENT 
On 18 June 2010, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Mandate 
Agreement, as amended and supplemented on 17 June 2011, under which, subject to a Guarantor 
Default Notice being served or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its rights under the 
Programme Documents and fulfilment of certain conditions, the Representative of the Bondholders, 
acting in such capacity, shall be authorised to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, all 
the Guarantor's non-monetary rights arising out of the Programme Documents to which the Guarantor 
is a party. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Italian law.

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
 
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 
On 18 June 2010, the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors entered into the Intercreditor 
Agreement, as amended and restated from time to time. On 27 May 2011 BAV acceded to the 
Intercreditor Agreement in its capacity as Additional Seller, Additional Servicer and Additional 
Subordinated Lender. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed all rights and obligations of BAV in the 
capacity as Additional Servicer, Additional Servicer and Additional Subordinated Lender under the 
Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme Documents shall be deemed to be referred to 
BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles previously carried out by BAV. Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. acceded (i) on 3 April 2012 as Back-Up Servicer Facilitator; and (ii) on 8 April 
2013 as Back-up Servicer. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to the application of 
the proceeds from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the circumstances in which the 
Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the Bondholders, to exercise 
certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the Programme Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Guarantor Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of 
priority of payments to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by the 
Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Guarantor Creditors are limited recourse 
obligations of the Guarantor; and that the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors have a claim 
against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Bondholders, 
acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of the Cover Pool. 
Each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has agreed in the Intercreditor Agreement that in the exercise of 
its powers, authorities, duties and discretions the Representative of the Bondholders shall have regard 
to the interests of both the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors but if, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of the 
Bondholders will have regard solely to the interests of the Bondholders. The actions of the 
Representative of the Bondholders will be binding on each of the Other Guarantor Creditors. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders, as their agent (mandatario con rappresentanza), so that the 
Representative of the Bondholders may, in their name and behalf and also in the interests of and for 
the benefit of the Bondholders (who make a similar appointment pursuant to the Programme 
Agreements and the Conditions), inter alia, enter into the Deed of Pledge and, if necessary pursuant to 
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, into a deed of charge. In such capacity, the Representative of 
the Bondholders, with effect from the date when the Covered Bonds have become due and payable 
(following a claim to the Guarantor or a demand under the Guarantee in the case of an Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default or the enforcement of the Guarantee if so instructed by the 
Bondholders or the exercise of any other rights of enforcement conferred to the Representative of the 
Bondholders), may exercise all of the Bondholders and Other Guarantor Creditors' right, title and 
interest in and to and in respect of the assets charged under the Deed of Pledge (and any deed of 
charge (if any)) and do any act, matter or thing which the Representative of the Bondholders considers 
necessary for the protection of the Bondholders and Other Guarantor Creditors' rights under any of the 
Programme Documents including the power to receive from the Issuer or the Guarantor any and all 
moneys payable by the Issuer or the Guarantor to any Bondholder or Other Guarantor Creditors. In any 
event, the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound to take any of the above steps unless 
it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all actions, proceedings, claims and 
demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, damages and expenses 
which it may incur by so doing. 
The parties to the Intercreditor Agreement have acknowledged and agreed that any Additional Seller 
may assign Eligible Assets to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions which will 
include the execution and/or accession to certain Programme Documents or other acts, deeds,

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
 
documents and the notice to the Rating Agencies and the Joint-Arrangers. Any such Additional Seller 
may become party to the Intercreditor Agreement from time to time by signing an accession letter and, 
in addition, any Additional Seller(s) shall be required to assume certain specific undertakings as the 
continuation of the Programme, or any provision of law, may require (including, but not limited to, 
assuming the same undertakings of the Issuer and the Principal Seller set out in the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement and/or in the Subordinated Loan Agreement and/or in the Master Servicing 
Agreement, as the case may be. 
The parties to the Intercreditor Agreement have acknowledged and agreed the provisions of the Terms 
and Conditions and the Guarantee pursuant to which, if the Issuer has failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the 
Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the 
Extension Determination Date, then such Series become a Pass Through Series and payment of the 
unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity 
Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount of such Pass Through 
Series due and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor 
on any relevant Guarantor Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. Following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice and upon breach of the 
Amortisation Test, all Series of Covered Bonds will become Pass Through Series. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Italian law. 
GUARANTOR CORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
Under the Corporate Services Agreement entered into on 18 June 2010 between the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain 
corporate and administrative services to the Guarantor. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Italian law. 
PROGRAMME AGREEMENT 
On 18 June 2010, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Dealers (as 
appointed from time to time), entered into the Programme Agreement pursuant to which the parties 
thereof have recorded the arrangements agreed between them in relation to the issue by the Issuer 
and the subscription by the Dealers from time to time of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
On 27 May 2011 BAV acceded to the Programme Agreement in its capacity as Additional Seller. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealers have agreed that any Covered Bonds of 
any Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to 
be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the 
basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or 
given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless 
otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement, under any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any 
Series or Tranche. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, before the Issuer reaches its agreement with any Dealer for the 
issue and purchase of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds under the Programme, each Dealer shall 
have received, and found satisfactory (in its reasonable opinion), all of the documents and

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
 
confirmations described in schedule 1 (Initial Conditions Precedent) of the Programme Agreement 
constituting the initial conditions precedent and the conditions precedent set out under clause 3.2 
(Conditions precedent to the issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds) of the Programme 
Agreement, as applicable to the relevant Series, shall have been satisfied. 
According to the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may nominate any institution as a new 
Dealer in respect of the Programme or nominate any institution as a new Dealer only in relation to a 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out in the 
Programme Agreement. 
In addition, under the Programme Agreement, the parties thereof have agreed to certain terms 
regulating, inter alia, the performance of any stabilisation action which may be carried out in connection 
with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Italian law. 
COVER POOL MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
On 18 June 2010, Issuer, Principal Seller, Principal Servicer, Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent 
and Principal Subordinated Lender, Guarantor, Guarantor Calculation Agent, Post-Issuer Default Test 
Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which they have agreed certain 
terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests and the purchase and sale by the Guarantor 
of the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool.  
On 27 May 2011 BAV acceded to the Cover Pool Management Agreement in its capacity as Additional 
Seller, Additional Servicer and Additional Subordinated Lender. Following the Merger, BMPS assumed 
all rights and obligations of BAV in the capacity as Additional Servicer, Additional Servicer and 
Additional Subordinated Lender under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme 
Documents shall be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles 
previously carried out by BAV. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement the Issuer also in its capacity as Principal Seller and each 
Additional Seller(s) have jointly and severally undertaken to procure that: 1) starting from the First 
Issue Date and until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of 
the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms; on any Quarterly Test Calculation Date (and on any Test Calculation Date 
thereafter if on the immediately preceding Quarterly Test Calculation Date, any of the Mandatory Tests 
and/or Liquidity Reserve Requirement was breached), each of the Mandatory Tests and Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement (as described in detail in section "Credit structure - Tests" below) is met with 
respect to the Cover Pool; and 2) starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of (a) the date 
on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms; and (b) the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is delivered, each of the Issuer, also 
in its capacity as Principal Seller, and each Additional Seller(s), has undertaken to procure that, on any 
Test Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test (as described in detail in section "Credit structure - 
Tests" below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
In addition, the Guarantor has undertaken to procure that starting from the date on which a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice is delivered and until the earlier of: (a) the date on which all Series or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms; and (b) the date on which a 
Guarantor Default Notice is delivered, on any Test Calculation Date, the Amortisation Test (as 
described in detail in section "Credit structure Tests" below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool, 
provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, no Article 74 Event

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
 
Cure Notice has been served. 
The Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Test 
Performance Report Date prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Principal Seller and each Additional Seller(s), the Principal Servicer and each Additional Servicer(s) 
and the Rating Agencies, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the 
Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Asset Coverage Test, as appropriate, (the 
"Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report"). 
The Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Test 
Performance Report Date following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, to the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Seller and any Additional Seller(s), the Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer(s) and the 
Rating Agencies, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Mandatory 
Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Amortisation Test (the "Post Issuer Default Test 
Performance Report"). 
If, on each Test Performance Report Date, the Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report specifies the 
breach of any of the Tests, the Guarantor will: (i) within the Test Grace Period, or (ii) if, and where 
applicable, a Breach of Tests Notice had already been delivered, within the Test Remedy Period, acquire 
additional Eligible Assets (it being understood that, in case of breach of the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement, the relevant Eligible Asset(s) can be replaced only with Liquidity Assets) either by way of 
purchase or substitution, from the Principal Seller or Additional Seller (if any), in each case in 
accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and in an amount sufficient to ensure, also 
taking into account the information provided by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent in its 
notification of the breach, that as of the subsequent Test Calculation Date, all Tests will be satisfied 
with respect to the Cover Pool, as evidenced in the relevant Test Performance Report. 
The parties to the Cover Pool Management Agreement have acknowledged that the aggregate amount 
of Eligible Assets which are in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter (b), of Law 130 
(the “Liquidity Assets”) and other Eligible Assets other than the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover 
Pool may not be in excess of the threshold set out under Article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR. 
In this respect, on each Test Calculation Date, the Test Calculation Agent shall determine the amount of 
such Liquidity Assets forming part of the Cover Pool and the result of such calculation will be set out in 
each Test Performance Report to be prepared and delivered by the Test Calculation Agent pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets 
other than Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool is in excess of the thresholds set out under 
Article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR, then the Seller may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to the 
Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to cure such excess or alternatively, the Seller 
may repurchase Liquidity Assets to comply with such limits. In the meantime, the Eligible Assets other 
than Mortgage Loans in excess of the limits set out in Article 129, paragraph 1a., will not be computed 
for the purpose of the Tests.  
Following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, but prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice, if within the Test Remedy Period the relevant Mandatory Tests and Asset Coverage Test is/are 
met according to the information included in the relevant Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report 
(unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the 
obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Tests Notice at 
any time thereafter to the extent a further Segregation Event occurs), the Representative of the 
Bondholders will promptly deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Seller and any Additional Seller(s), the Principal Servicer and any Additional Servicer(s), the 
Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies, a notice informing such parties that the Breach of Tests Notice

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
 
then outstanding has been revoked (the "Breach of Tests Cure Notice"). 
After the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, upon instructions of the Portfolio Manager (as defined 
below) and provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed, use its best 
effort to sell the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool. The Eligible Assets (any such Eligible 
Assets, the "Selected Assets") will be selected from the Cover Pool by the Principal Servicer on behalf of 
the Guarantor and the proceeds from any sale of Selected Assets will be credited to the Main 
Programme Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor (or the Principal Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) shall use its best efforts to sell the 
Eligible Assets as follows: 
(1) 
following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, within at least (provided that the 
Guarantor may commence before) the date falling (a) 30 days after the service of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice following a non-payment referred under Condition 12.2(a) or (b) in any 
other case of Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered other than for a non-payment on a 
Series of Covered Bonds, six months prior to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds (to the extent that no breach of the Amortisation Test occurred, in which case 
the timing set out under Clause 8.2 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement) (the "First GEN 
Sale Date"). The Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell the Selected Assets in an amount as 
close as possible to the amount necessary (i) to redeem in full the Pass Through Series and/or 
(only on the GEN Sale Date (as defined in the Cover Pool Management Agreement)) the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds and (ii) to pay any interest amount due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds net of any amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts, provided that, 
(1) prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied 
with and (2) the Guarantor and the Portfolio Manager shall use their best effort to sell the 
Selected Assets, at the first attempt, at a price that ensures that the ratio between the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool and the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds remains unaltered or is improved following the sale 
of the relevant Selected Assets and repayment of the Pass Through Series and/or Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds (as the case may be). If the proceeds of the sale of Selected Assets 
raised on the first attempt are insufficient for the purposes set out above, the Guarantor shall 
repeat its attempt to sell the Selected Assets every sixth months thereafter until the earlier of 
(i) the date on which the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full 
and (ii) the date on which a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered; and 
(2) 
following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (and, in case of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an Article 
74 Event Cure Notice), if a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs as specified in the relevant 
Test Performance Report, starting from the date falling 30 calendar days after the date on 
which a Test Performance Report specifies a breach of the Amortisation Test and in an amount 
as close as possible to the amount necessary (i) to redeem in full the Pass Through Series and 
(ii) to pay any interest amount due in respect of the Covered Bonds net of any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts. If the proceeds of the sale of the Eligible 
Assets raised on the first attempt are insufficient for the purposes set out above, the 
Guarantor shall repeat its attempt to sell Eligible Assets every sixth months thereafter until the 
earlier of (i) the date on which the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds have been redeemed 
in full and (ii) the date on which a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered; 
(3) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice the Guarantor, all the asset included in the 
Cover Pool, provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale is carried out as quickly as reasonably 
practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time. 
With respect to any sale to be carried out in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement,

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
 
within calendar 20 days following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, or as soon as 
practicable if necessary to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will, 
through a tender process, appoint a portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised standing 
on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to help the Guarantor to achieve the best price 
for the sale of the Selected Assets (if such terms are commercially available in the market) and to 
advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Assets to purchasers (except where any of the Principal 
Seller and any Additional Seller (if any) (other than in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of 
such Principal Seller and/or Additional Seller (if any)) is buying the Selected Assets in accordance with 
its right of pre-emption under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement). 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the parties have acknowledge that, prior to the 
occurrence of a Segregation Event, or if earlier, the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Principal Seller and/or the Additional Seller has the right, pursuant the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, to repurchase any Excess Assets transferred to the Guarantor provided that no Tests may 
be breached as a result of any repurchase under such clause and any such purchase may occur only in 
accordance with any relevant law, regulation or interpretation of any authority (including, for the 
avoidance of doubts, the Bank of Italy or the Minister of Economy and Finance) which may be enacted 
with respect to Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulation. 
For further details, see section "Credit structure - Tests" below. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
DEED OF PLEDGE 
On 18 June 2010, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Deed of 
Pledge under which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right 
provided by Law 130 securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Bondholders and the 
Other Guarantor Creditors, the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Bondholders and the Other 
Guarantor Creditors all monetary claims and rights and all the amount arising (including payment for 
claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is or will be 
entitled to from time to time pursuant to certain Programme Documents, with the exclusion of the 
Cover Pool and the Collections. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become 
enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
Please see section "The Asset Monitor" below.

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE  
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantor 
has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Guarantee until the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Bondholders on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the 
Guarantor in respect of the Term Loans or receipt of Interest Available Funds or Principal Available 
Funds from the Cover Pool in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Bondholders, as follows: 
• 
the Guarantee provides credit support for the benefit of the Bondholders; 
• 
the Mandatory Tests and, following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the 
Amortisation Test are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay 
any interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
• 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is periodically performed with the intention of ensuring that 
the Liquidity Reserve is in an amount equal to or greater than the maximum cumulative Net 
Liquidity Outflow expected in the next following 180 days; 
• 
prior to the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Asset Coverage Test is intended to 
test the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds, applying for 
the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a 
degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool; 
• 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, current or other risks in 
respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
• 
a Reserve Account has been established which will build up over time using excess cash flow 
from Interest Available Funds; and 
• 
under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, the Cash 
Manager has agreed to invest the moneys standing to the credit of the Main Programme 
Account and the Reserve Account in purchasing Eligible Investments. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when the same 
become Due for Payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. The Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason, including any accelerated payment 
pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Issuer Event of Default) following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement 
Notice. In this circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default 
Notice is served), the Guarantor's obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as they fall 
Due for Payment. Payments to be made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made subject to, 
and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
See further "Description of the Programme Documents - Guarantee", as regards the terms of the 
Guarantee. See "Cashflows - Guarantee Priority of Payments", as regards the payment of amounts 
payable by the Guarantor to Bondholders and other creditors following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default. 
Tests  
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer and the Additional Seller(s) must 
ensure that on each Test Calculation Date and/or Quarterly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be,

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
 
the Cover Pool is in compliance with the relevant Tests described below. If on any Test Calculation 
Date or Quarterly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, the relevant Test Performance Report 
specifies that the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the relevant Test, then the Principal Seller, 
(and/or any Additional Seller(s) in respect of each relevant New Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor) 
will either (i) sell additional Eligible Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the 
relevant Test to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date as determined in the immediately 
following Test Performance Report, in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of Term Loans to be granted 
by the Principal Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) or (ii) substitute any relevant assets in 
respect of which the right of repurchase can be exercised under the terms of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement with new Eligible Assets (it being understood that, in case of breach of the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the relevant Eligible Asset(s) can be replaced only with Liquidity 
Assets), for an amount sufficient to allow the relevant Test to be met on the next following Test 
Calculation Date as determined in the immediately following Test Performance Report.  
If, within the Test Grace Period the relevant breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage 
Test is not remedied in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will deliver a Breach of Test Notice and as a consequence (i) no 
further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; (ii) there shall be no further 
payments to the Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term Loan, other than where necessary for 
the purpose of complying with the limits set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR as 
better specified in the Cover Pool Management Agreement (and to the extent that no purchase of 
Eligible Assets is possible to this effect in accordance with the provisions of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement and/or in compliance with the limits 
set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations); (iii) the purchase price for any Eligible Assets to be acquired 
by the Guarantor shall be paid using the proceeds of a Term Loan or, with respect to Eligible Assets 
only, to the extent necessary to comply with the limits set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of 
the CRR as better specified in the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Guarantor Available Funds; 
and (iv) payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer until a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered.  
MANDATORY TESTS AND LIQUIDITY RESERVE REQUIREMENT 
In order to ensure that the Cover Pool is sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Principal 
Seller, any Additional Seller(s) (if any) shall ensure that (A) the Mandatory Tests, being (i) the Nominal 
Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test and (B) the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement, are satisfied in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Principal Seller, 
and any Additional Seller(s) (if any), jointly and severally undertake to procure that (i) on any Quarterly 
Test Calculation Date, and (ii) on any Test Calculation Date thereafter if on the immediately preceding 
Quarterly Test Calculation Date any of the Mandatory Test and/or Liquidity Reserve Requirement was 
breached, each of the Mandatory Tests and Liquidity Reserve Requirement described in the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
(A) 
Nominal Value Test 
The Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent or the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, shall verify (i) on any Quarterly Test Calculation Date, and (ii) on any Test Calculation 
Date thereafter if on the immediately preceding Quarterly Test Calculation Date any of the Mandatory 
Test was breached, that the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool shall be higher 
than or equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the Nominal Value Test, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool shall be 
considered as an amount equal to the "Nominal Value" and shall be, on each Quarterly Test Calculation 
Date (or following the breach of any of the Mandatory Test, on each relevant Test Calculation Date), at 
least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable). The Nominal Value Test 
shall be met if: 
A + B ≥OBG 
where, 
"A" is the Outstanding Principal Balance of all Eligible Assets (taking into account the loan to value limit 
imposed by law) comprised in the Cover Pool as at the relevant Quarterly Test Calculation Date (or 
following the breach of any of the Mandatory Tests, as at the relevant Test Calculation Date); 
"B" is the aggregate amount of all Principal Available Funds cash standing on the Programme Accounts; 
and 
"OBG" means the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable). 
The calculation above will be performed without taking into account any Eligible Assets exceeding the 
limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR. 
It is understood that any Eligible Swap Agreement is excluded from the calculation of the Nominal 
Value Test. 
The Nominal Value Test will always be deemed as met to the extent that the Asset Coverage Test is 
met, as of the relevant Quarterly Test Calculation Date or the relevant Test Calculation Date thereafter 
if on the immediately preceding Quarterly Test Calculation Date any of the Mandatory Tests was 
breached. 
In addition to the above, the relevant Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date 
that, in accordance with Article 7-undecies of Law 130, the overcollateralization of the Cover Pool 
complies with Article 129, paragraph 3a., of the CRR and with the thresholds of Article 129, paragraph 
1a., of the CRR. 
(B) 
Net Present Value Test 
The Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent or the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, shall verify (i) on any Quarterly Test Calculation Date, and (ii) on any Test Calculation 
Date thereafter if on the immediately preceding Quarterly Test Calculation Date any of the Mandatory 
Tests was breached, that the net present value of the Cover Pool (including the payments of any nature 
expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), net of all the 
costs to be borne by the Guarantor (including the costs of any nature expected or due with respect to 
any Eligible Swap Agreement) shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of all Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms.  
The Net Present Value Test shall be met if:  
A+B+C-D≥NPVOBG 
where, 
"A" is the net present value of all Eligible Assets (taking into account the loan to value limit imposed by 
law) comprised in the Cover Pool;

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
 
"B" is the net present value of each Eligible Swap Agreement; 
"C" is the aggregate amount of the Principal Available Funds; 
"D" is the net present value amount of any transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor (including 
the costs of any nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement as 
well as, pursuant to article 7-undecies of Law 130, all other operational costs to be sustained by the 
Guarantor including perspective the maintenance and the management costs due in case of liquidation 
of the Programme, to be calculated as indicated in the Cover Pool Management Agreement); and 
"NPVOBG" is the sum of the net present value of each Covered Bonds outstanding under the 
Programme. 
The calculation above will be performed without taking into account any Eligible Assets exceeding the 
limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR. 
(C) 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent or the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, shall verify (i) on any Quarterly Test Calculation Date, and (ii) on any Test Calculation 
Date thereafter if on the immediately preceding Quarterly Test Calculation Date any of the Mandatory 
Tests was breached, that the amount of interest and other revenues expected to be generated by the 
assets included in the Cover Pool (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the 
Guarantor with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), net of all the costs expected to be borne by 
the Guarantor (including the cost of any nature expected or due with respect to any Eligible Swap 
Agreement), shall be higher than or equal to the amount of interest due on all Series or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
their Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms.  
The Interest Coverage Test shall be met if (provided that such calculation shall be performed on the 
basis of prudent criteria to be coherent with the applicable accounting principles): 
(A+B+C+D-E) ≥ IOBG 
where, 
"A" is (i) the interest component of all the Instalments falling due and payable from the relevant 
Quarterly Test Calculation Date (or following the breach of any of the Mandatory Tests, on each 
relevant Test Calculation Date) to the date falling 12 months thereafter (taking into account the loan to 
value limit imposed by law) and (ii) all other amounts (other than principal amount) to be received in 
respect of the Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool (other than those under letter (i) above) to 
the date falling 12 months thereafter; 
"B" is any net interest amount expected to be received by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements which are Eligible Swap Agreements from the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date to the 
date falling 12 months thereafter;  
"C" is any net interest amount expected to be received by the Guarantor under the Asset Swap 
Agreements which are Eligible Swap Agreements from the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date to the 
date falling 12 months thereafter;  
"D" is any interest expected to accrue in respect of the Principal Available Funds from the relevant 
Guarantor Calculation Date to the date falling 12 months thereafter; 
"E" is the amount of all senior costs expected to be borne by the Guarantor during the period starting 
from the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date and ending on the date falling 12 months thereafter, 
under item from First to Fourth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
"IOBG" is the aggregate amount of all interest payments due and payable under all outstanding 
Covered Bonds on the Interest Payment Dates falling in the period starting from the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date (excluded) and ending on the date falling 12 months thereafter (such interest

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
 
payments to be calculated with respect to the applicable interest rates set out in the relevant Final 
Terms as of the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date). 
(D) 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
The relevant Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date that the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement is met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be considered met if the Liquidity Reserve is in an amount 
equal to or greater than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflows expected in the next 
following 180 days. 
The “Liquidity Reserve” will be equal to the amount of Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
which are in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, including the Required 
Reserve Amount. 
The result of the verification of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be set out in each Test 
Performance Report to be prepared and delivered by the relevant Test Calculation Agent pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is 
breached, then the Seller shall transfer to the Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to 
cure such excess or, alternatively, the Seller may repurchase Eligible Assets other than Liquidity Assets 
or, alternatively, the Subordinated Lender may advance further Loans under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.  
ASSET COVERAGE TEST 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is delivered (and, in case the Issuer Event of 
Default consists of an Article 74 Event, to the extent that an Article 74 Event Cure Notice has 
been served); 
the Issuer, also in its capacity as Principal Seller, and any Additional Seller(s) (if any), jointly and 
severally undertake to procure that, on any Test Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test is met with 
respect to the Cover Pool. 
For the purposes of the Asset Coverage Test, the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent shall verify 
that the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount is, on each Test Calculation Date prior to the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed 
in full in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms (or the Euro 
Equivalent, if applicable). 
The Asset Coverage Test shall be met if: 
A-X+B+C-Z-Y-W≥OBG 
where, 
"A" is equal to MIN*AP where 
"MIN" is the sum of the "LTV Adjusted Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool, 
which shall be the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan 
in the Cover Pool as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, where M is:

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
 
(1) 
equal to 80 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having no unpaid 
Instalments or (ii) Instalments not paid for less than 90 calendar days or (iii) which have been 
restructured in connection with the accession of the relevant borrower to the "Combatti la 
crisi" programme and in respect of which, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, payments 
have been suspended for less than 90 calendar days or (iv) in respect of which the relevant 
borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing Legislative Decree No. 185 of 29 November 2008, 
as converted into law through Law No. 2 of 28 January 2009 (Decreto Anticrisi), or under the 
renegotiation scheme for distressed borrowers signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 
18 December 2009 (Piano Famiglie), during the suspension period provided that, as of the 
relevant Test Calculation Date, such suspension period is lower than 90 calendar days;  
(2) 
equal to 40 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having Instalments 
not paid for more than 90 calendar days but less than 180 calendar days or (ii) which have 
been restructured in connection with the accession of the relevant borrower to the "Combatti 
la crisi" programme and in respect of which, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, payments 
have been suspended for more than 90 calendar days but less than 180 calendar days or (iii) in 
respect of which the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the 
Decree of the Ministry of Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing Legislative Decree No. 
185 of 29 November 2008, as converted into law through Law No. 2 of 28 January 2009 
(Decreto Anticrisi), or under the renegotiation scheme for distressed borrowers signed by the 
Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009 (Piano Famiglie), during the suspension 
period provided that, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, such suspension period is 
greater than 90 calendar days but lower than 180 calendar days; and  
(3) 
equal to 0 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having Instalments 
not paid for more than 180 calendar days or (ii) which have been restructured in connection 
with the accession of the relevant borrower to the "Combatti la crisi" program and in respect of 
which, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, payments have been suspended for more than 
180 calendar days or (iii) in respect of which the relevant borrower has requested a suspension 
of payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry of Finance of 25 February 2009 
implementing Legislative Decree No. 185 of 29 November 2008, as converted into law through 
Law No. 2 of 28 January 2009 (Decreto Anticrisi), or under the renegotiation scheme for 
distressed borrowers signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009 
(Piano Famiglie), during the suspension period provided that, as of the relevant Test 
Calculation Date, such suspension period is longer than 180 calendar days;  
"X" is equal to the amount to be deducted from the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of any Mortgage 
Loans in the Cover Pool in respect of which any of the following occurred during the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period: (a) the relevant Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an "Affected Loan"); or (b) the relevant Seller, in any 
preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation and warranty under 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and/or such relevant Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation 
Period, in breach of a material term of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
Such amount shall, in all cases, be equal to (i) nil, as long as the Issuer's short term rating or the 
Issuer's long term rating is at least, respectively, "F1" or "A" by Fitch or the Issuer's short term rating is 
at least "P-1" or the Counterparty risk rating (if available) is at least "Baa3(cr)" by Moody's or the 
Issuer's long term rating is at least "BBB" by DBRS, provided that the relevant Seller has indemnified the 
Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement or the relevant Seller or Servicer has otherwise cured such breach in accordance 
with the relevant Programme Documents; (ii)(A) in respect of the Affected Loan, an amount equal to 
the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on 
the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); or (ii)(B) in respect of the Mortgage Loan

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
 
referred to in letter (b) above, an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor 
in the immediately preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid, in cash or in kind, 
to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such 
loss a "Breach Related Loss"); 
"AP" is the Asset Percentage; and 
"B" is the aggregate amount of the Principal Available Funds (excluding, for the sake of clarity, any 
Interest Shortfall Amount (if any));  
"C" is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets (other than those under letter 
(A) above); and 
"Z" is the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds multiplied by the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable) multiplied by the Negative 
Carry Factor; 
"Y" is equal to nil, as long as the Issuer's short term rating or the Issuer's long term rating is, 
respectively, at least "F1" and "A" by Fitch or the Issuer's short term rating is at least "P-1" or the 
deposit rating is at least "Baa3" by Moody's or the Issuer's long term rating is in accordance with the 
Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS, otherwise it is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amounts (unless the 
calculation of such Potential Set-Off Amounts is no longer required in accordance with the Rating 
Agencies' criteria from time to time applicable); 
"W" is equal to nil, as long as the Issuer's short term rating or the Issuer's long term rating is, 
respectively, at least "F1" and "A" by Fitch or the Issuer's short term rating is at least "P-1" or the 
Counterparty risk rating (if available) is at least "Baa3(cr)" by Moody's or the Issuer's long term rating is 
in accordance with the Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS, otherwise it is equal to the Potential 
Commingling Amount (unless the calculation of such Potential Commingling Amount is no longer 
required in accordance with the Rating Agencies' criteria from time to time applicable). 
The calculation above will be performed without taking into account any Eligible Assets exceeding the 
limit set forth under article 129 of the CRR. 
"Potential Commingling Amount" means an amount of collection which may be subject to commingling 
risk in case of an Insolvency Event of the Servicer, as calculated by the Pre-Issuer Default Test 
Calculation Agent in an amount which shall not prejudice the rating assigned from time to time to the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agencies. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that, if upon a downgrading of the Issuer's rating assigned 
(1) by Fitch below "F1" with respect to the Issuer's short term rating or "A", with respect to the Issuer's 
long term rating, or (2) by Moody's below "P-1" with respect to the Issuer's short term rating, or 
"Baa3(cr)" with respect to the Counterparty risk rating (if available) or (3) by DBRS below the Minimum 
DBRS Rating with respect to the Issuer's long term rating and the remedies provided for under clause 
5.2.1 of the Master Servicing Agreement have been put in place, the amount appropriate for the 
purposes of the definition of "Potential Commingling Amount" shall be equal to nil. If on the contrary 
the remedies provided for under clause 5.2.1 of the Master Servicing Agreement have not been put in 
place than the Potential Commingling Amount shall be deducted from the Asset Coverage Test. 
"Potential Set-Off Amounts" means the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool that 
could potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights. Such amount 
will be calculated, only starting from the date on which the Issuer's short term rating or the Issuer's 
long term rating assigned by Fitch falls below, respectively, "F1" or "A" or the Issuer's short term rating 
or the deposit rating assigned by Moody's falls below, respectively, "P-1" and "Baa3" or the Issuer's 
long term rating falls below the Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS, by the Pre-Issuer Default Test 
Calculation Agent in an amount which shall not prejudice the rating assigned from time to time to the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agencies.

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
 
"OBG" means the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable). 
AMORTISATION TEST 
Starting from the date on which a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is delivered and until the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the date on which a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered; 
the Guarantor undertakes to procure that on any Test Calculation Date, the Amortisation Test is met 
with respect to the Cover Pool, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 
74 Event, no Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent shall verify 
that, on each Test Calculation Date, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool is higher than 
or equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
their Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms at the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
The Amortisation Test shall be met if: 
A+B+C-Z≥OBG 
where, 
"A" is equal to MIN multiplied by Guarantee Asset Percentage (GAP) 
For the purposes of the calculation of the Amortisation Test, the Guarantee Asset Percentage will be 
calculated as the ratio granting an overcollateralisation equal to 75 per cent. of the 
overcollateralisation resulting from the Asset Percentage used on the last Test Calculation Date 
preceding the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice. Thus, the calculation of the Guarantee Asset 
Percentage is made on the basis of the following formula: 
GAP = 1/(75% * (1/AP-1)+1) 
where  
"AP" is the Asset Percentage used on the last Test Calculation Date preceding the service of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice. 
"MIN" is the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of 
the immediately preceding Calculation Period; and 
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M (where M is: 
(a) 
equal to 100 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having no 
unpaid Instalments or (ii) Instalments not paid for less than 90 calendar days or (iii) which 
have been restructured in connection with the accession of the relevant borrower to the 
"Combatti la crisi" program and in respect of which, as of the relevant Test Calculation 
Date, payments have been suspended for less than 90 calendar days or (iv) in respect of 
which the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the 
Decree of the Ministry of Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing Legislative Decree 
No. 185 of 29 November 2008, as converted into law through Law No. 2 of 28 January 
2009 (Decreto Anticrisi), or under the renegotiation scheme for distressed borrowers 
signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009 (Piano Famiglie), 
during the suspension period provided that, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, such

--- Page 293 ---
- 293 - 
 
suspension period is lower than 90 calendar days;  
(b) 
equal to 60 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having 
Instalments not paid for more than 90 calendar days but less than 180 calendar days or 
(ii) which have been restructured in connection with the accession of the relevant borrower 
to the "Combatti la crisi" program and in respect of which, as of the relevant Test 
Calculation Date, payments have been suspended for more than 90 calendar days but less 
than 180 calendar days or (iii) in respect of which the relevant borrower has requested a 
suspension of payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry of Finance of 25 February 
2009 implementing Legislative Decree No. 185 of 29 November 2008, as converted into 
law through Law No. 2 of 28 January 2009 (Decreto Anticrisi), or under the renegotiation 
scheme for distressed borrowers signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 
December 2009 (Piano Famiglie), during the suspension period provided that, as of the 
relevant Test Calculation Date, such suspension period is greater than 90 calendar days 
but lower than 180 calendar days; and  
(c) 
equal to 40 per cent. for all the Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (i) having 
Instalments not paid for more than 180 calendar days) or (ii) which have been restructured 
in connection with the accession of the relevant borrower to the "Combatti la crisi" 
program and in respect of which, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, payments have 
been suspended for more than 180 calendar days or (iii) in respect of which the relevant 
borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry 
of Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing Legislative Decree No. 185 of 29 November 
2008, as converted into law through Law No. 2 of 28 January 2009 (Decreto Anticrisi), or 
under the renegotiation scheme for distressed borrowers signed by the Italian Banks 
Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009 (Piano Famiglie), during the suspension period 
provided that, as of the relevant Test Calculation Date, such suspension period is longer 
than 180 calendar days.  
"B" the aggregate amount of the Principal Available Funds; 
"C" is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Eligible Assets (other than those under letter 
(A) above); 
"Z" is the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds multiplied by the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable) multiplied by the "Negative 
Carry Factor"; and 
"OBG" means the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms (or the Euro Equivalent, if applicable). 
BREACH OF TESTS 
If on any Test Calculation Date or Quarterly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, a Test 
Performance Report specifies that the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the relevant Test, then the 
Principal Seller, (and/or any Additional Seller(s) in respect of each relevant New Portfolio transferred to 
the Guarantor, will either: 
(A) 
sell additional Eligible Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the relevant Test 
to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date as determined in the immediately 
following Test Performance Report, in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement 
and the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of Term Loans 
to be granted by the Principal Seller (and/or any Additional Seller(s)); or 
(B) 
substitute any relevant assets in respect of which the right of repurchase can be exercised under 
the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement with new Eligible Assets, for an amount 
sufficient to allow the relevant Test to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date as

--- Page 294 ---
- 294 - 
 
determined in the immediately following Test Performance Report (it being understood that, in 
case of breach of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the relevant Eligible Asset(s) can be 
replaced only with Liquidity Assets until such breach is remedied), or  
(C) 
take any other action that may be deemed appropriate to allow the relevant Tests to be cured on 
the next Test Calculation Date. 
FAILURE TO REMEDY TESTS 
If, within the Test Grace Period the relevant breach of one of the Mandatory Test is not remedied in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the 
Bondholders will deliver a Breach of Test Notice. 
If, after the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the relevant breach of the Tests is not remedied, within 
the Test Remedy Period, in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will deliver a Guarantee Enforcement Notice. 
If, after the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice (provided that, should such Issuer Default 
Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, an Article 74 Event Cure Notice has not been served), a breach of 
the Amortisation Test occurs, all Series of Covered Bonds will become immediately Pass Through 
Series. 
Upon receipt of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the assets included in 
the Cover Pool. 
Reserve Account 
The Reserve Account is held in the name of the Guarantor and will build up over time using excess 
cash flows remaining on each Guarantor Payment Date after payments required to be made on such 
date have been made. On each Guarantor Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, 
available funds shall be deposited by the Issuer in the Reserve Account until the Reserve Amount 
equals the Required Reserve Amount for such Guarantor Payment Date. The Reserve Amount over and 
above the Required Reserve Amount will be used on each Guarantor Payment Date together with other 
Guarantor Available Funds, for making the payments required by the Priorities of Payment.

--- Page 295 ---
- 295 - 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under "Credit Structure", until a Guarantee Enforcement Notice is served on the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make 
payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment 
from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of 
amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders 
of priority, the "Priority of Payments") (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of 
Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) 
following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof the Guarantor Available Funds are constituted by the Interest Available Funds 
and the Principal Available Funds, which will be calculated by BMPS on each Calculation Date. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Main Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited to the Main 
Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Programme Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount, and following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, on the Guarantor, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(v) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts; 
(vi) all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(vii) subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Asset Swap Agreement and the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts received on 
or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (excluded) will be applied, together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding 
Guarantor Calculation Date, (i) to make payments in respect of interest due and payable, pro rata and 
pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) to 
make payments in respect of interest due on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and 
pro rata in respect of each relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for 
the payment of such relevant proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other day up to the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably 
determine, or otherwise; 
(viii) subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(ix) any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under any Swap Agreement; 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts will be, to 
the extent permitted by the relevant Swap Agreement, net of any cost necessary to replace the 
swap provider and find an eligible swap counterparty to enter into a replacement swap 
agreement;

--- Page 296 ---
- 296 - 
 
(x) 
all interest amounts received from the Principal Seller (or any Additional Seller, if any) by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(xi) any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments; and 
(xii) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Principal Servicer (and any Additional 
Seller, if any) and credited to the Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets or any disinvestment of Eligible Investments; 
(v) 
any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and not used to 
fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any Eligible Assets; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than any 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(vii) 
any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and 
(viii) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
The Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following 
payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have 
been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an 
amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention 
Amount; 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due and payable to the Principal Servicer, 
the Additional Servicer(s) (if any), the Back-Up Servicer (if any), the Italian Account Bank, the 
Payments Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Pre-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Italian Back-Up 
Account Bank; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), pro rata and pari passu, to pay, or make a provision for payment of such proportion 
of, (i) any interest amounts due to the Asset Swap Provider and (ii) any interest amounts due to 
the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s), pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement (including, in both cases, any termination payments due and payable by 
the Guarantor except where the swap counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected 
Party (the "Excluded Swap Termination Amounts"));

--- Page 297 ---
- 297 - 
 
(v) 
(Fifth), to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the Reserve Amount 
is funded up to the Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the immediately preceding 
Guarantor Calculation Date; 
(vi) 
(Sixth), to pay any Loan Interest due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date on each 
Term Loan to the Subordinated Lender(s) pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, provided that (i) no Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing on such 
Guarantor Payment Date; and (ii) if a Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing, any 
amount of interest on the Covered Bonds has been duly and timely paid by the Issuer; 
(vii) 
(Seventh), upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Main Programme Account until such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied or waived by the Representative of the Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed; 
(viii) 
(Eighth), to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective amounts thereof any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amounts; 
(ix) 
(Ninth), to transfer to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the Interest Shortfall 
Amount, if any, allocated on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date under item 
First of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments and on any preceding Guarantor 
Payment Dates and not already repaid; 
(x) 
(Tenth), to pay to the Principal Seller and to the Additional Seller(s) (if any), any amount due 
and payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under 
other items of this Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
(xi) 
(Eleventh), pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay any 
Premium on the Programme Term Loans and (ii) to repay any Excess Term Loan Amount, 
provided that no Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
The Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following 
payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), to pay any amount payable as Interest Shortfall Amount; 
(ii) 
(Second), to acquire New Portfolios of Receivables and/or other Eligible Assets (other than 
those funded through the proceeds of a Term Loan); 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pari passu and pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts thereof: (a) 
any principal amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant Swap Providers pro 
rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement; and (b) (where appropriate, 
after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal to be received from a Swap 
Provider on such Guarantor Payment Date or such other date up to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date as the Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably determine) on 
each Guarantor Payment Date that falls on an Interest Payment Date, the amounts (in respect 
of principal) due or to become due and payable under the Term Loan, provided in any case no 
Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing and/or, where applicable, provided that no 
amounts shall be applied to make a payment in respect of a Term Loan if the principal 
amounts outstanding under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen 
Due for Payment on such relevant Guarantor Payment Date have not been repaid in full by the 
Issuer. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, the Guarantor Available Funds shall be 
applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in the 
following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority

--- Page 298 ---
- 298 - 
 
have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to 
credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will bring the balance of such account up to 
(but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable to the Principal Servicer, the Additional Servicer(s) (if any), the Back-
Up Servicer (if any), the Italian Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s) (if any), 
the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Post-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent, the Italian Back-Up Account Bank, the Cash Manager and the 
Payments Account Bank; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) any amount 
due to the Asset Swap Provider (including any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor other than any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); (ii) any interest amounts due 
to the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s), pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor other than any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); and (iii) on any Guarantor 
Payment Date, any interest due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date (or that will 
become due and payable on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date) under the 
Guarantee in respect of each Pass Through Series, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pari 
passu and pro rata in respect of each such Pass Through Series, Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds; 
(v) 
(Fifth), pari passu and pro rata (a) in or towards payment on the Guarantor Payment Date or to 
make a provision for payment of such proportion of any relevant amount falling due up to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date as the Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably 
determine, of the amounts in respect of principal due or to become due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor under the relevant Swap 
Agreement, other than any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Swap Agreement; (b) pari passu and pro rata among any Pass Through Series, 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, in or towards payment or to make a provision for 
payment, on each Guarantor Payment Date (where appropriate, after taking into account any 
amounts in respect of principal to be received from a Covered Bond Swap Provider) of principal 
amounts (that are payable on any Pass Through Series and due and payable in respect of any 
other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on such Guarantor Payment Date or that will become 
payable on any Pass Through Series and due and payable in respect of any other Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds up to the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date) under 
the Guarantee in respect of such Pass Through Series, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
(Sixth), until each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in 
full of the Covered Bonds has been provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount 
has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds), to 
credit any remaining amounts to the Main Programme Account; 
(vii) 
(Seventh), to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor; 
(viii) 
(Eighth), to pay to the Principal Seller and to the Additional Seller(s) (if any) any amount due 
and payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under 
other items of this Guarantee Priority of Payments;

--- Page 299 ---
- 299 - 
 
(ix) 
(Ninth), to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
interest and principal amount outstanding and Premium (if any), on each Term Loan under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s). 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments 
Following a Guarantor Event of Default, the making of a demand under the Guarantee and the delivery 
of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor Available Funds 
shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, in making the following payments in the following 
order of priority: 
(i) 
(First), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have 
been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (i) any amount due and payable to the Principal 
Servicer, the Additional Servicer(s) (if any), the Back-Up Servicer (if any), the Italian Account 
Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s) (if any), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the 
Italian Back-Up Account Bank, the Cash Manager and the Payments Account Bank; (ii) amounts 
due to the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s) and the Asset Swap Provider and any other Swap 
Provider(s) (if any) other than any Excluded Swap Termination Amount; and (iii) amounts due 
under the Guarantee in respect of each Pass Through Series, Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor; 
(v) 
(Fifth), to pay to the Principal Seller and to the Additional Seller(s) (if any) any amount due and 
payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under 
other items of this Post-enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(vi) 
(Sixth), to pay or repay any amounts outstanding under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s).

--- Page 300 ---
- 300 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and will be comprised of Mortgage Loans and the related collateral assigned to the 
Guarantor by the Principal Seller and/or the Additional Seller(s) in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement, (ii) any proceeds arising from the Swap Agreements and (iii) any 
other Eligible Assets in accordance with Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio (the "Portfolio") 
consists of Residential Mortgage Loans transferred by the Principal Seller and by Banca Antonveneta 
S.p.A., as Additional Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement, as more fully described under "Description of the Programme Documents - 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement". 
The Debtors of the Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool were 142.611 as at 31 Agosto 2023 and 
none of them has a debt equal to or higher than 20 per cent. of the value of the Cover Pool. 
The valuation is carried out semiannually and upon the occurrence of extraordinary events which may 
impact the value of the assets placed as collateral.  
The Cover Pool has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payment 
due and payable on the Covered Bonds. 
As at 31 August 2023, the latest maturing asset within the Cover Pool will expire on 31 December 
2059.  
As at 31 December 2022, the total amount of assets within the Cover Pool is Euro 11,708,196,868.87. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of the Receivables and their related Security Interest and the transfer of any other Eligible 
Assets to the Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility Criteria") being satisfied on 
the relevant Valuation Date (except as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to each 
asset type will vary from time to time but will at all times include criteria so that both Italian law and 
Rating Agencies requirements are met. In addition, under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement it is 
established that the parties may amend the Criteria, provided that any such amendment shall be 
notified to the Representative of the Bondholders and the Rating Agencies. 
Common Criteria for the transfer of the Receivables 
The Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement shall and will meet the following criteria (the "Common Criteria") 
(to be deemed cumulative unless otherwise provided) on each relevant Valuation Date (or at such other 
date specified below): 
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans: 
1. 
which are residential mortgage receivables, in respect of which the relevant amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans 
secured by the same Real Estate Asset, does not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the Real 
Estate Asset as at the relevant date of new valuation (data di rivalutazione), in accordance with 
the provisions of article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR; 
2. 
that did not provide at the time of disbursement for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to 
principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
3. 
that have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), clerical entities (enti ecclesiastici) 
or public consortium (consorzi pubblici); 
4. 
that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo); 
5. 
that are not mutui agrari pursuant to articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Consolidated Banking Act;

--- Page 301 ---
- 301 - 
 
6. 
that are secured by a mortgage created over Real Estate Assets in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations which are located in the Republic of Italy; 
7. 
the payment of which is secured by a first economic ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
economico), such term meaning (i) a first legal ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
legale) or (ii) (A) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the 
lender secured by the first ranking priority mortgage is the Seller and with respect to which the 
obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage 
have been fully satisfied, or (B) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of 
which the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage have been fully satisfied and the relevant lender has formally consented to the 
cancellation of the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such subsequent mortgage, or (C) a second or 
subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the 
mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage is the Seller (even if the 
obligations secured by such ranking priority mortgage(s) have not been fully satisfied) and the 
Receivables secured by the prior ranking priority mortgages arise from Mortgage Loans 
meeting the Criteria; 
8. 
in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the 
relevant mortgage has expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being challenged 
pursuant to article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code and, if applicable, of art. 39, 
fourth paragraph of the Consolidated Banking Act;  
9. 
that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to make 
additional disbursements; 
10. 
for which at least an Instalment inclusive of principal has been paid before the Valuation Date 
(i.e. Mortgage Loans that are not in the pre-amortising phase); 
11. 
in respect of which all other previous Instalments falling due before the transfer date have 
been fully paid or, as of the transfer date, did not have any Instalment pending for 30 days or 
more than 30 days from its due date; 
12. 
that are governed by Italian law; 
13. 
that have not been granted to individuals that as of the origination date were employees or 
former (a riposo) employees of Montepaschi Group (including also loans granted to two or 
more individuals, one of which was an employee or a manager of Montepaschi Group as of the 
transfer date); 
14. 
that are denominated in Euro; 
15. 
which provide for the payment by the Debtor of monthly, quarterly or semi-annual 
Instalments; 
16. 
which are not additional mortgage loans (mutui suppletivi) (each being a mortgage loan 
secured with a mortgage over Real Estate Assets already mortgaged in connection with another 
mortgage loan (mutuo fondiario) granted by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.). 
Specific Criteria for the transfer of the Receivables 
The Receivables included in each Portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio) to be transferred from time 
to time to the Guarantor under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement shall meet, in addition to the 
Common Criteria, further specific criteria (to be deemed cumulative unless otherwise provided), as at 
the relevant Valuation Date (or at such other date specified below) listed in the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement relating to, inter alia, the amount of disbursement, the execution date, the disbursement 
date, the instalments, the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreements, the relevant Real Estate Assets, the 
relevant guarantor, the category of natural persons (persone fisiche) to which they have been granted, 
the ratio.

--- Page 302 ---
- 302 -

--- Page 303 ---
- 303 - 
 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor 
to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee and, 
following the latest amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of the 
new Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, the information to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor enrolled 
with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 and 
shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the accounting 
firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also 
to the Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer.

--- Page 304 ---
- 304 - 
 
 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 18 June 2010 (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the "Asset Monitor Engagement Letter"), the Issuer has appointed Deloitte & Touche 
S.p.A., a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of Italy, having its registered office at Milan, 
20144, Via Tortona 25, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan, No. 
03049560166, and included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and 
Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 132587, as initial asset monitor (the "Asset Monitor") 
in order to perform in accordance with Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130, certain procedures relating, 
inter alia, to the control of (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under Article 7-novies of 
Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR with respect to the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of Eligible Assets 
set out under Article 7-novies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the calculation 
performed by the Issuer with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortisation Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the compliance with the limits set out 
under Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of Law 130 and Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) of the 
CRR; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement 
entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the 
Portfolio according to article 7-octies of Law 130; (vi) the correct application and notification of the 
extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required by Article 7-terdecies of Law 130; 
and (vii) the completeness, correctness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors 
pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations.  
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the 
Issuer an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement 
Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and 
expenses to the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the 
Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 305 ---
- 305 - 
 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor, will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on 18 June 2010 (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Asset Monitor Agreement") between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders and subject to due receipt 
of the information to be provided by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent or the Post-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, respectively, prior to the delivery of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice and after the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, verify the arithmetic 
accuracy of the calculations performed by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent with respect to 
the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Asset Coverage Test and the Post-
Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test and 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the 
Guarantor, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and 
the Issuer a report in the form set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
to the Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis 
the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the 
Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 306 ---
- 306 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
The following is a general description of Law 130 (as defined below). It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the other considerations relating to the 
Covered Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. Furthermore, this overview is based on Italian 
Legislation as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially 
with retroactive effect. This description will not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, 
prospective Bondholders should consult their own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian 
legislations that may affect any assessment by them of the Covered Bonds. 
Law 130 
The legal and regulatory framework with respect to the issue of covered bonds in Italy comprises the 
following: 
• 
Title I-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, 
"Law 130"); and 
• 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013) (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Bank of Italy 
Regulations").  
Legislative decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the "Decree 190"), transposed into the Italian legal 
framework Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing 
regulations of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to 
covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022.  
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended 
on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the 
definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures 
for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes and 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 
2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit step quality 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative 
contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did 
not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower 
the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations – as amended pursuant to the 42nd amendment, among other things, 
regulate: 
• 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered 
bonds and the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
• 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, may 
transfer as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
• 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
• 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits;  
• 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions 
and the provision of information relating to the transaction;

--- Page 307 ---
- 307 - 
 
• 
the publication of periodical information concerning the issuance programmes in order to enable 
investors to conduct an informed assessment of the cover bond programmes and the related 
risks;  
• 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 
March 2023;  
• 
the request for the authorization of the Bank of Italy for the establishment of new issuance 
programmes; and 
• 
the requirements for applying for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label. 
On 22 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the 
possibility for the Bank of Italy to impose a systemic risk buffer (SyRB), pursuant to Article 133 of the 
CRD V, consisting of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or systemic 
risks not otherwise covered by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the countercyclical 
capital buffer an the capital buffers for G-SIIs or O-SIIs.  
The amendment adapts the rules concerning capital buffers and capital conservation measures with CRD 
V and implement the EBA's guidance on the appropriate subsets of sectoral exposures for the 
application of the SyRB in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of CRD V.  
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting 
one or more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-
based measures), requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form.  
Those measures can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of 
customers and loans. More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, 
which may give rise to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based 
measures that are – in line with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate 
the identified risks, considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application 
and paying due attention to the principle of proportionality.  
On 29 September 2022 EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12, 2014 Guidelines on the 
specification and disclosure of systemic importance, updating indicators data used for the identification 
of global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs), increasing the transparency in the G-SIIs 
identification process and ensuring a continued level playing field with respect to disclosure 
requirements between global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs) and other large institutions 
with an overall leverage ratio exposure measure of more than Euro 200 billion at the end of each year. 
EBA/GL/2022/12 applies from 16 January 2023.  
On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing 
said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12. With the same amendment, the Bank of Italy implemented also the 
EBA Guidelines of 12 October 2022 (EBA/GL/2022/13), amending the EBA Guidelines on disclosure of 
non-performing and foreborne exposures (EBA/GL/2018/10).  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised “Guidelines for Common Procedures and Methodologies 
for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and Prudential Stress Tests”, which provide a 
common framework for supervision in assessing risks to banks' business models, solvency and liquidity, 
as well as for conducting prudential stress tests. The guidelines will apply as of 1 January 2023.  
On 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing the 
new European framework (i.e. Directive EU 2019/2162, Covered Bond Directive, and Regulation EU 
2019/2160, Covered Bond Regulation), which introduces a supervisory regime on covered bond 
programmes which will be applicable to new covered bond issuance programs only. In case of new 
issuances – i.e. made after the effective date of the 42th amendment – in the framework of pre-existing 
programs, the banks shall guarantee the compliance with the new regulatory framework. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue

--- Page 308 ---
- 308 - 
 
The structure provided under Article 7-sexies of Law 130 with respect to the issue of covered bonds 
may be summarised as follows:  
• 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets (i.e. the cover pool) to a Title I-bis of Law 130 special 
purpose vehicle (the "Guarantor");  
• 
the bank grants the Guarantor a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the 
Guarantor of the purchase price due for the cover pool; 
• 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the 
covered bonds and the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. The Guarantee is 
backed by the entire cover pool held by the Guarantor. 
Title I-bis of Law 130 however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities acting 
respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated lender and covered bonds issuer.  
The Guarantor 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing Law 
130, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds 
many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. 
Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation 
transactions, the Guarantor is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the 
case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving 
guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
 
The guarantee 
Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the benefit 
of the bondholders must be irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional and independent from the 
obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the 
issuer in respect of its payment obligations under the covered bonds, the Guarantor must provide for 
the payment of the amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and 
with limited recourse to the amounts available to the Guarantor from the cover pool. The acceleration 
of the issuer's payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a 
corresponding acceleration of the Guarantor's payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby 
preserving the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the Guarantor will be solely responsible for the payment obligations 
of the issuer owed to the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with 
limited recourse to the amounts available to the Guarantor from the cover pool. In addition, the 
Guarantor will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights of the covered bond holders vis à vis the 
issuer's bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable bankruptcy law. Any amounts recovered by the 
Guarantor from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the Guarantor will fulfil the issuer's 
payment obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to 
the cover pool. The Guarantor will then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid 
by the debtor with respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are 
exclusively designated and segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and 
the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction.  
In addition, Article 7-octies of Law 130 expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the

--- Page 309 ---
- 309 - 
 
loan granted to the Guarantor to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the 
rights of the covered bond holders and of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction.  
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the 
payment by the Guarantor of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the 
bankruptcy claw-back provisions set out in Article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor may not be 
subject to any claw-back action according to Article 164 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code.  
The Issuing Bank  
The Bank of Italy Regulations sets forth for detailed provisions with respect to covered bonds related, 
inter alia, to the eligible assets (including rules on the coverage requirements and the liquidity 
requirement) and the internal measures to be adopted by the issuing bank to govern and manage 
potential risks deriving from the participation in covered bond programs. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 
7-novies of Law 130, see "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount 
Law 130 provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must continually ensure that, throughout 
the transaction:  
• 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the Guarantor, 
including in relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs 
borne by the Guarantor) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered into in 
connection with the transaction. 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed 
on banks for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover 
pool. Such activities must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be 
appointed by the bank, which is an independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and 
deliver to the issuing bank's s board of auditors, on an annual basis, a report detailing its monitoring 
activity and the relevant findings. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at 
least every 6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors 
of banks must comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with 
respect to each covered bond transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations 
supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the 
issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least 
every six months and for each transaction carried out the completeness, accuracy and timeliness of 
information available to investors pursuant to art. 129, paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of

--- Page 310 ---
- 310 - 
 
Italy Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by 
appropriate contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and 
the entity acting as servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with 
respect to the cover pool assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that, following the initial transfer to the cover pool, 
the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented in order to 
ensure that the requirements described under "Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond 
outstanding amount", or the higher over-collateralisation provided for under the relevant covered 
bond transaction documents, are satisfied at all times during the transaction. 
The eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented by means of: 
• 
the transfer of further assets (eligible to be included in the cover pool in accordance with the 
criteria described above); 
• 
the establishment of deposits held with banks ("Qualified Banks") which have their registered 
office in a member state of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland or in a state for 
which a 0 per cent. risk weight is applicable in accordance with the prudential regulations' 
standardised approach; and 
• 
the transfer of debt securities, having a residual life of less than one year, issued by the 
Qualified Banks. 
Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, however, provide that the assets described in the last two 
paragraphs above, cannot exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool. This 
15 per cent. limitation must be satisfied throughout the transaction and, accordingly, the substitution 
of cover pool assets may also be carried out in order to ensure that the composition of the assets 
comprised in the cover pool continues to comply with the relevant threshold. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the limitations to the overall amount of eligible assets that 
may be transferred to cover pools described under "The Issuing Bank" above do not apply to the 
subsequent transfer of supplemental assets for the purposes described under this paragraph. 
Taxation 
Article 7-viciester of Law 130 provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan 
and the transfer of the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting the cover pool 
were registered as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
• 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book 
value of the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
• 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds 
will be entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for 
the purpose of tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance 
with Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 311 ---
- 311 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, 
own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) 
may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
The Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium 
and other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
"Interest"). The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer which 
qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant 
to article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented 
("Decree No. 917"). 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where an Italian resident Bondholders, who is the beneficial owner of the 
Covered Bonds, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected (unless the investor has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including 
the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so called "regime del 
risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime") according to article 7 of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
("Decree No. 461")) – see under "Capital gains tax" below for an analysis of such regime); or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or 
similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or 
professional associations; or 
(c) 
a private or public institution other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, with the 
exclusion of collective investments funds; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are 
subject to a tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent., either when 
Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Covered Bonds. In 
the event that the Bondholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject

--- Page 312 ---
- 312 - 
 
to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from 
Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in 
respect of Covered Bonds received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited 
partnership qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private and 
public institutions carrying out commercial activities and holding the Covered Bonds in connection with 
this kind of activities), or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. However, 
Interest must be included in the relevant Bondholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to 
Italian corporate income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the 
Bondholder, also to IRAP (the regional tax on productive activities). Interest on the Covered Bonds that 
are not deposited with an authorised intermediary, received by the above persons is subject to a 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva levied as provisional tax. 
Where a Bondholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or a real estate SICAF, to which 
the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, 
Interest accrued on the Covered Bonds will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the SICAF. The income of the real estate 
fund or the real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status 
and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon 
redemption or disposal of the units. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (the "Fund"), 
a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF and either (i) the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF or (ii) 
their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the relevant Covered Bonds 
are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered 
Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. However, Interest must be included in the 
management results of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF, accrued at the end of each 
tax period. The Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252")) and the Covered Bonds are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during 
the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax 
(the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax 
year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Covered Bonds). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period) and limitations, Interest relating to 
the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Covered 
Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and

--- Page 313 ---
- 313 - 
 
other qualified entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance, which are resident in Italy 
(“Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”) or by permanent establishments in Italy of banks or 
intermediaries resident outside Italy or by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having 
appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239. For the purposes of applying 
imposta sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries are 
required to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal of the 
Covered Bonds, including in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or 
without consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a 
change in the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or with a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the Bondholders or, absent that by the Issuer paying the Interest. 
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
Where the Bondholder is a non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, payment of 
Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the 
non-Italian resident beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes in a State or territory included in the list of States or territories 
allowing an adequate exchange of information with Italy and listed in the Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White 
List"). According to article 11, par. 4, let. c), of Decree No. 239, the White List will be updated 
every six months period; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country 
included in the White List. 
In order to ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds without the application of 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident Bondholders indicated above must be the beneficial 
owners of the payments of Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit in due time, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or SIM or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian 
resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which 
is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a self-statement, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the 
Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy nor in the case of 
foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 
2001. 
Failure of a non-resident Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments.

--- Page 314 ---
- 314 - 
 
Non-resident Bondholders who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant Bondholder. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax 
authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that 
the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of 
liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be treated, in certain 
circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime 
described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor 
may be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or provisional tax 
depending on the "status" of the Bondholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 
1973, as subsequently amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Bondholders, a final 
withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. Double taxation treaties entered into by the Republic 
Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new Tranche 
forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the 
same as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued 
within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue 
price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Covered Bonds. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
In the case of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Bondholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional 
withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant

--- Page 315 ---
- 315 - 
 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and 
other income relating to Covered Bonds qualifying as "titoli atipici", if those Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
In all other cases, including when the Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a 
final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Bondholders, the 26 per cent. withholding tax rate may 
be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Bondholder, also as 
part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where a Bondholder is (i) an Italian resident individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, (ii) an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial 
activities, or (iii) an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Bondholder from the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva on capital gains, taxpayers may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below: 
(a) 
Under the "tax declaration regime" (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian 
resident individual Bondholders any given fiscal year. In this instance, "capital gains" means 
any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident 
individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried 
forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, holders of the Covered Bonds who are: 
i. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity; 
ii. 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; and 
iii. 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities, 
may elect for the administrative savings regime ("regime del risparmio amministrato") to pay 
the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to 
(i) the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries and (ii) an express election for the administrative savings regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Bondholder. The depository must account for the imposta

--- Page 316 ---
- 316 - 
 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, transfer or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its 
mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Covered Bonds, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Covered Bonds or 
using funds provided by the holder of the Covered Bonds. Under the administrative savings 
regime, where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, 
the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently 
realised on assets held by the holder of the Covered Bonds within the same relationship of 
deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
administrative savings regime, the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the 
annual income tax return of the Bondholder and the Bondholder remains anonymous. 
(c) 
Alternatively to the above described regimes, the aforementioned Bondholders may elect for 
the Asset Management Regime (the "risparmio gestito" regime), under which any capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered 
Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management 
of their financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) to an authorised intermediary, will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, 
even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in 
any of the four succeeding tax years. Also under the asset management regime the realised 
capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Bondholder 
and the Bondholder remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Covered Bonds realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals 
holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered 
Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where a Bondholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or a real estate SICAF, to which 
the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, capital 
gains realised will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the real estate investment fund or the real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or the 
SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon 
redemption or disposal of the units or share. 
Any capital gains realised by a Bondholder who is an Italian Fund, a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund, 
SICAV or non-real estate SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective 
Investment Fund Substitute Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an Italian resident 
intermediary, any capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in 
the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension 
Fund Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include capital gains accrued on the Covered Bonds).

--- Page 317 ---
- 317 - 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Covered Bonds realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian pension fund may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected through the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds 
issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner Bondholders, 
in certain cases, file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that the Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected through the sale, transfer or redemption of 
Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are not subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the beneficial owner of the Covered Bonds is: 
(a) 
resident in a State or territory included in the White List; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
The same exemption applies where the non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds 
are (i) international entities or organizations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors, whether or not subject to tax, established in 
countries which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks or 
entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Bondholders from 
the sale, transfer or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded 
on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, 
Bondholders may benefit from an applicable tax treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale, transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected elect for the asset management regime or are 
subject to the administrative savings regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply 
provided that they timely file with the Italian authorised financial intermediary a self-declaration 
attesting that all the requirements for the application of the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Covered Bonds or other securities) as a result of 
death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the

--- Page 318 ---
- 318 - 
 
entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value 
exceeding €1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of 
assets (such as the Covered Bonds) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains to 
the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461. In particular, if the donee sells the Covered 
Bonds for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required to pay 
the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift was not made. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200 registration tax as follows: (i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject 
to registration only in the "case of use" (caso d'uso) or in case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or 
voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, as amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic 
reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial 
product and instrument, which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp 
duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than 
individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the market value or – in the absence of a market value – 
on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial product or financial instruments 
(including the Covered Bonds). Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Bondholders and to non-
Italian resident Bondholders, to the extent that the Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based 
financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not 
mandatory, nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting 
periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented 
and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within 
the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, as amended and supplemented from time to time, 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions holding financial assets – including the Covered Bonds – outside of the Italian territory are 
required to pay in their own annual tax declaration a wealth tax (IVAFE) at the rate of 0.2 per cent. The 
wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. In this case the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential 
Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 does not apply. 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the market value 
– on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of any financial assets held outside of the Italian territory.

--- Page 319 ---
- 319 - 
 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential 
Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring 
purposes in their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly 
or indirectly held abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct 
holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered 
Bonds deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered 
into through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items 
of income derived from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) 
if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA") impose 
a new reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain US 
payments by a "foreign financial institution", or "FFI" (as defined by FATCA)) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
This withholding would not apply to payments on the Covered Bonds prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment 
and would only potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Covered Bonds characterized as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering date", which is the date that is six months after the 
date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with 
the Federal Register, or which are materially modified after the grandfathering date and (ii) any 
Covered Bonds characterized as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, 
whenever issued. If Covered Bonds are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional 
Covered Bonds of the same series are issued after that date, the additional Covered Bonds may not be 
treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Covered Bonds, 
including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements 
to facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an "IGA"). Pursuant to FATCA and the "Model 1" and 
"Model 2" IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a 
"Reporting FI" not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives (or, in the case of 
certain exempt entities, a "Nonreporting FI"). Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such 
withholding being "FATCA Withholding") from payments it makes. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting 
FI would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors 
to its home government or to the IRS. The United States and Italy have entered into an IGA (the "US-
Italy IGA") based largely on the Model 1 IGA. 
If the Issuer is treated as a Reporting FI or Nonreporting FI pursuant to the US-Italy IGA it does not 
anticipate that it will be not obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it makes on the 
Covered Bonds. There can be no assurance, however, that in the future the Issuer will not be required 
to deduct FATCA Withholding from payments it makes on the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the Issuer

--- Page 320 ---
- 320 - 
 
and financial institutions through which payments on the Covered Bonds are made may be required to 
withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Covered Bonds is made 
is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with 
FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are cleared through Euronext Securities Milan, it is expected that FATCA will 
not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Covered Bonds by the Issuer, 
any paying agent and Euronext Securities Milan, given that each of the entities in the payment chain 
between the Issuer and the participants in Euronext Securities Milan is a major financial institution 
whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced 
under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Covered Bonds. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or 
may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers on how these rules may apply to payments they may receive in connection with the Covered 
Bonds. FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject 
to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to payments they may receive in connection with the 
Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding or deduction would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
**** 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, 
duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers 
to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg 
income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal 
business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour 
l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be 
subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Bondholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident Bondholders.

--- Page 321 ---
- 321 - 
 
(ii) 
Resident Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident Bondholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered 
Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered 
Bonds held by Luxembourg resident Bondholders. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Payment under the Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Relibi 
Law will be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
In addition, pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and 
pay a 20 per cent. tax on payment of interest or similar incomes made or ascribed by paying agents 
located in a Member State of the European Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the 
European Economic Area. The 20 per cent. tax is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are 
acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident Bondholders 
A non-resident Bondholder, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which/whom such Covered Bonds are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg 
income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the 
Covered Bonds. A gain realised by such non-resident Bondholder on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate Bondholder or a non-resident individual Bondholder acting in the course of 
the management of a professional or business undertaking, which/who has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Covered Bonds 
are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Covered Bonds and on any gains realised upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Resident Bondholders 
Bondholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal. 
A resident corporate Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes. 
A resident Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment 
as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by 
the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds and which does not fall under the 
special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect 
of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on 
the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption

--- Page 322 ---
- 322 - 
 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Covered Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied 
on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Bondholder has opted for the 
application of a 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, 
which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU 
Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other 
than a EU Member State). 
A gain realised by a resident individual Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Covered Bonds is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Covered Bonds were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid 
interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in 
accordance with the Relibi Law. 
A resident individual Bondholder acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance 
with the Relibi Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which whom such 
Covered Bonds are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except 
if the Bondholder is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies as 
amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or is a securitisation 
company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company 
governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or is a reserved 
alternative investment funds within the meaning of the law of 23 July 2016. 
However, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain 
conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
This minimum net wealth tax amounts to Euro 4,815, if the relevant corporate Bondholder holds assets 
such as fixed financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, postal 
checking accounts, checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds 90 per cent. of its total balance 
sheet value and if the total balance sheet value of these very assets exceeds Euro 350,000. 
Alternatively, if the relevant corporate Bondholder holds 90 per cent. or less of financial assets or if 
those financial assets do not exceed Euro 350,000, a minimum net wealth tax varying between Euro 
535 and Euro 32,100 would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. 
An individual Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Covered Bonds. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Covered Bonds will give 
rise to any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Covered 
Bonds in Luxembourg in the case where the Covered Bonds are either (i) attached as an annex to an act 
(annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration or (ii) deposited in the minutes of a 
notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire) or (iii) registered on a voluntary basis. 
Where a Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the 
Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.

--- Page 323 ---
- 323 - 
 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed 
in front of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Residence 
A Bondholder will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of such Covered Bond or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that 
or any other Covered Bond.

--- Page 324 ---
- 324 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 18 June 2010 (as amended 
on 20 December 2013, the "Programme Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and 
the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of 
such purchase. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer further agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any Series or 
Tranche, offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision:  
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or

--- Page 325 ---
- 325 - 
 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not applicable", in relation to each Member State if the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
• 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
• 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
• 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered 
Bonds and (ii) the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129." 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
Qualified investors: a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 326 ---
- 326 - 
 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
Other exempt offers: not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
• 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
• 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
• 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no 
such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any Covered Bonds means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and  
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Selling Restrictions addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one 
year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only

--- Page 327 ---
- 327 - 
 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Covered 
Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the " Financial Laws Consolidation Act ") as implemented by article 35, paragraph 
1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended ("CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Laws Consolidation Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007 and the Consolidated Banking Act (in each 
case as amended from time to time); 
(ii) 
in compliance with article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer to sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute

--- Page 328 ---
- 328 - 
 
an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in Covered Bonds described herein. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be publicly 
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by it in, into or from Switzerland and will not be listed 
by it on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered 
Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 652a or article 1156 of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations nor a simplified prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to 
article 5 of the Swiss Collective Investment Scheme Act, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the 
Covered Bonds has been or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss 
regulatory authority. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme do not constitute a participation in a 
collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act and are 
not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, any Swiss regulatory authority, such as the Swiss 
Financial Markets Supervisory Authority, and investors in the Covered Bonds will not benefit from 
protection or supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result 
of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the 
Dealers. Any such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 329 ---
- 329 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its capacity 
as competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The CSSF may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another Member State 
of the European Economic Area: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; 
and (iii) if so required by the competent authority of such Member State, a translation into the official 
language(s) of such Member State of a summary of this Base Prospectus. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 6 May 2010 and the giving of the Guarantee 
has been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 18 May 
2010. 
The increase of the Programme Limit has been authorised by the resolution of the board of directors of 
the Issuer dated 5 October 2017. The annual update of the Programme has been authorised by the 
resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 23 June 2023.  
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Save as disclosed in the "Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A." section, paragraph 10 (Legal 
Proceedings), neither BMPS nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which BMPS is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of BMPS or 
the Group and the Guarantor. 
Trend Information / No Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in the “Risk Factors” section under paragraph “Risks related to the impact of current 
uncertainties in the macroeconomic, financial and political environment on the performance of the 
Issuer and the Group”, since 30 June 2023 there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Issuer and/or the Group and since 31 December 2022 there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor 
and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Guarantor. 
Minimum denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the 
Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other

--- Page 330 ---
- 330 - 
 
currency). 
Documents Available 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the 
Programme 
Documents, 
of 
which 
only 
the 
Guarantee 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.gruppomps.it/investor-relations/programmi-di-emissione-e-prospetti/mps-
covered-bond-programme.html; 
(ii) 
the 
by-laws 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
at: 
https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/by_/by_laws.pdf and the constitutive documents of 
the Guarantor;  
(iii) 
the press release of the Issuer headed "Completion of the share capital increase of euro 2.5 
billion with the full subscription of the new shares" and published on 4 November 2022; 
(iv) 
the press release of the Issuer headed "Business Plan 2022 – 2026 “A clear and simple 
commercial bank”" and published on 23 June 2022; 
(v) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023; 
(vi) 
the consolidated and separate audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(vii) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2021; 
(viii) 
the separate audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021;  
(ix) 
the consolidated non-financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2022; 
(x) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(xi) 
the auditors' report for the Guarantor for financial statements as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2022; 
(xii) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021; 
(xiii) 
the auditors' report for the Guarantor for financial statements as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2021; 
(xiv) 
a copy of the terms and conditions and the rules of the organisation of the covered bondholder 
set out under base prospectus approved on 19 January 2022; 
(xv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(xvi) 
any future offering circular, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to this 
Base Prospectus including Final Terms and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference; 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Bondholders at the following website 
https://www.gruppomps.it/. 
It being understood that this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, Final Terms 
and documents incorporated by reference shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 
10 (ten) years after the relevant publication. 
Auditors

--- Page 331 ---
- 331 - 
 
On 11 April 2019, the Issuer's shareholders meeting appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., with 
registered office at Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, independent registered public accounting firm, 
registered under no. 119644 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) by the 
MEF, in compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. and a 
member of Assirevi Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian Auditors Association, as auditor 
for the financial years 2020-2028.  
On 6 December 2019, the Guarantor's quotaholders meeting terminated the appointment of EY S.p.A. 
and appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., appointed as auditor for the financial years 2020-2022. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. has been appointed on 17 April 2023 to perform the audit of the 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the period between the year ended on 31 December 2023 and 
the year ending on 31 December 2025.  
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet site 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com/. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further 
Prospectus, will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years on 
https://www.gruppomps.it/investor-relations/programmi-di-emissione-e-
prospetti/emissioniinternazionali-obbligazioni-mps-2020-emtn-e-obg.html. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any 
contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be 
reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form have been accepted for clearance 
through Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the 
International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms shall specify (i) any 
other clearing system for the Covered Bonds issued in bearer and dematerialised form as shall have 
accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate information 
or (ii) with respect to Covered Bonds issued in any of the other form which may be indicated in the 
relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms, the indication of the agent or registrar through which 
payments to the Bondholders will be performed. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and Zero Coupon Bonds, an indication of the 
yield in respect of such Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield 
indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will 
not be an indication of future yield. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) and other related transactions with, and 
may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for 
companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, 
and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement 
of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make 
markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference

--- Page 332 ---
- 332 - 
 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and 
its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive 
allocations of the Covered Bonds (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future 
trading of the Covered Bonds. If any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the 
Issuer, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely or may hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 333 ---
- 333 - 
 
GLOSSARY  
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Accrued Interest" means, as of any Valuation Date and in relation to any Eligible Asset to be assigned 
as at that date, the portion of the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such date. 
"Additional Criteria" means the further criteria which can be identified pursuant to clause 2.3.2(c) of 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Seller" means any entity being part of the Montepaschi Group that may transfer one or 
more New Portfolios to the Guarantor following the accession to the Programme pursuant to the 
Programme Documents. 
"Additional Servicer" means each Additional Seller which has been appointed as servicer in relation to 
the Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor, following the accession to the Programme and to the 
Master Servicing Agreement, pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Additional Subordinated Lender" means each Additional Seller in its capacity as additional 
subordinated lender, pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Adjustment Purchase Price" means the purchase price adjusted on the basis of calculations carried out 
pursuant to clause 7 of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning ascribed to the term "Attivi Interessati" in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement. 
"Affected Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount" means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
clause 3.3 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Amortisation Test" means the Test as indicated in clause 5 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Asset Coverage Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 3 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor" means Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. in its capacity as asset monitor pursuant to the Asset 
Monitor Engagement Letter and the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter alios, the 
Asset Monitor, the Issuer and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
"Asset Monitor Engagement Letter" means the engagement letter entered into, on 18 June 2010 (as 
amended and supplemented) between the Issuer and the Asset Monitor in order to perform specific 
agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfillment of the eligibility criteria set out under 
Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the 
limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out under article 129 of the CRR; and (iii) the 
effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the 
context of the Programme. 
"Asset Monitor Report Date" means any date on which the Asset Monitor shall deliver a report including 
the results of the verifications carried out by it under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Percentage" means the lower of (i) 83.00 per cent. and (ii) such other percentage figure as may 
be determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating Agencies (after procuring the level of overcollateralisation in line with the 
target rating). Such new figure of the Asset Percentage shall be set out in the Payments Report and 
shall thus form part of the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test. Notwithstanding the above, in the 
event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure (item (ii) above) of the Asset 
Percentage, this will not result in a breach of the Asset Coverage Test. 
"Asset Swap Agreement" means any asset swap agreement which may be entered into between an

--- Page 334 ---
- 334 - 
 
Asset Swap Provider and the Guarantor. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means any entity acting as swap counterparty under an Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity that will be 
appointed in such capacity by the Guarantor, together with the Representative of the Bondholders, 
pursuant to clause 10.1 of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Back-up Servicer Facilitator" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity acting 
in such capacity pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" means the regulations No. 285 issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 
2013, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Base Interest" has the meaning given to the term "Interesse Base" pursuant to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"BMPS" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.. 
"Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of the Covered Bonds included in each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Breach of Tests Cure Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Breach of Tests Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement following the breach of one of 
the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer Event of Default.  
"Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code” (Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are generally open for 
business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the Real-time gross Settlement System (T2) 
managed by Eurosistema (or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means 
that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
a. 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
b. if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the

--- Page 335 ---
- 335 - 
 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
c. 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" is the amount used for the calculation of interest amounts and redemption 
amounts for the relevant covered bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Period" means the period from one Guarantor Calculation Date (included) to the next 
Guarantor Calculation Date (excluded). 
"Call Option" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and 
payments agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Bondholders, the Paying Agent(s) and the Italian Account Bank, as amended from time to time. 
"Cash Manager" means BMPS acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cash Manager Report" means the report produced by the Cash Manager pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cessation of Business" means, with respect to the Issuer, the loss of the banking licence. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Account(s)" means any other cash and/or securities account (different from the Guarantor's 
Accounts) opened by the Guarantor pursuant to clause 7.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Principal Seller (or any Additional Seller(s), if any) by any Debtor in order to 
guarantee the payment and/or redemption of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan 
Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the first calendar day of 
each month; and (ii) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each date determined by the 
Representative of the Bondholders as such. 
"Collection Period" means the Monthly Collection Period and/or the Quarterly Collection Period, as 
applicable. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Cover Pool. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 1 to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Contractual Rights" has the meaning given to it pursuant to the Mandate Agreement.

--- Page 336 ---
- 336 - 
 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered on 18 June 2010 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer. 
"Corresponding Interest" has the meaning given to the term "Interesse Collegato" in the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
"Corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds" means, in respect of a Fixed Interest Term Loan 
or a Floating Interest Term Loan, the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued or to be issued 
pursuant to the Programme and notified by the Subordinated Lender to the Guarantor in the relevant 
Term Loan Proposal. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by (i) Receivables and (ii) any other Eligible Assets. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the Cover Pool management agreement entered on 18 
June 2010 between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Seller, the Pre-Issuer Default 
Test Calculation Agent, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended from time to time. 
"Covered Bond Swap Agreement" means each International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") 
1992 Master Agreement (Multicurrency Cross Border) (together with the Schedule and credit support 
annex thereto and the confirmations evidencing interest rate swap transactions thereunder) entered 
into from time to time between the Guarantor and a Covered Bond Swap Provider, as amended from 
time to time. 
"Covered Bond Swap Provider" means any entity acting as covered bond swap provider under a Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement to the Guarantor and "Covered Bond Swap Providers" means more than one of 
them. 
"Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) of each Series or Tranche 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer in the context of the Programme. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of 
the Receivables attached as schedule 3 to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Specific Criteria and any Additional Criteria 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Terms and Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such

--- Page 337 ---
- 337 - 
 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
[360x(Y2 Y1)][30x(M2 M1)](D2 D1) 360 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included

--- Page 338 ---
- 338 - 
 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
"DBRS" means DBRS Ratings GmBH and any of its successors or assignees. 
“DBRS Critical Obligations Rating (COR)” means the DBRS rating addressing the risk of default of 
particular obligations / exposures of certain banks that have a higher probability of being excluded 
from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a troubled bank than 
other senior unsecured obligations. 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means the DBRS rating equivalent of any of the below ratings by Moody's, 
Fitch or S&P: 
DBRS 
Moody's 
S&P 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB-

--- Page 339 ---
- 339 - 
 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
CC 
C 
C 
D 
D 
 
"DBRS Rating" is any of the following: 
• 
Public rating 
• 
Private rating 
• 
Internal assessment 
(d) 
if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and an S&P public rating in respect of the 
Eligible Investment or the Eligible Institution (each, a "Public Long Term Rating") are all 
available at such date, the DBRS Rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long 
Term Rating remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest of such Public Long Term 
Ratings from such rating agencies (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under 
credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered 
one notch below). For this purpose, if more than one Public Long Term Rating has the same 
highest DBRS Equivalent Rating or the same lowest DBRS Equivalent Rating, then in each case 
one of such Public Long Term Ratings shall be so disregarded;  
(e) 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) above, but Public Long Term Ratings of the 
Eligible Investment by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, the DBRS 
Equivalent Rating of the lower such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long 
Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating 
will be considered one notch below); and 
(f) 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) and (b) above, but Public Long Term Ratings 
by any one of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, then the DBRS Equivalent 
Rating will be such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is 
under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be 
considered one notch below). 
If at any time the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under subparagraphs (a) to (c) above, the DBRS 
Rating will be deemed to be of "C" at such time. 
"Dealers" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity that will be 
appointed as such by the Issuer by means of the subscription of a letter under the terms or

--- Page 340 ---
- 340 - 
 
substantially under the terms provided in schedule 5 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means with reference to the Mortgage Loans, any borrower and any other person, other than 
a Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is 
liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, 
inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation under 
an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree No. 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered on 18 June 2010, as amended from time 
to time. 
"Defaulted Receivables" means any Receivable (i) which has been classified as "defaulted" (credito in 
sofferenza) pursuant to the Bank of Italy's supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza della Banca 
d'Italia) and the Credit and Collection Policy; or (ii) in respect of which there are 12 unpaid instalments 
(in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with monthly instalments), 7 unpaid 
instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with quarterly instalments) or 4 
unpaid instalments (in respect of Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans with semi-annual 
instalments).  
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
"Drawdown Date" means the date indicated in each Term Loan Proposal on which a Term Loan is 
granted pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement (or, in respect of any Additional Subordinated 
Lenders, pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement) during the Subordinated Loan 
Availability Period. 
"Due for Payment" means the requirement for the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amounts following 
the delivery of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice after the occurrence of certain Issuer Events of Default, 
such requirement arising:(i) prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on 
which the Guaranteed Amounts are due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (being the relevant Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be); and(ii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that has 
or have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is not subject to 
an Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Terms and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
"ECB Guidelines" means the Guideline of the European Central Bank of 20 September 2011 
(ECB/2011/14), published on the Official Gazette of the European Union no. 331 of 14 December 
2011, as amended by the Guideline of the European Central Bank on 26 November 2012 
(ECB/2012/25) published on the Official Gazette of the European Union no. 348 on 18 December 
2012, both relating to monetary policy instruments and procedures of the Eurosystem, and the 
decisions of the European Central Bank dated, respectively, 20 March 2013 (ECB/2013/6), on the rules 
concerning the use as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy operations of own-use uncovered 
government-guaranteed bank bonds, and 26 September 2013 on additional measures relating to 
Eurosystem refinancing operations and eligibility of collateral (ECB/2013/35), as subsequently

--- Page 341 ---
- 341 - 
 
amended and supplemented. 
"Eligible Assets" means the assets contemplated under article 7-novies of Law 130 which are Mortgage 
Loan, Eligible Swap Agreement and Liquidity Assets. 
"Eligible Institution" means any credit institution incorporated under the laws of any state which is a 
member of the European Union, the EEA, the United Kingdom or of the United States, whose: 
(a) 
short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least "F-1" by Fitch, and 
at least "P-1" by Moody's, and  
(b) 
long-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least the Minimum DBRS 
Rating (considering the maximum of (1) one notch below the relevant institution’s DBRS Critical 
Obligations Rating (COR), in case the institution has a DBRS Critical Obligations Rating (COR); and 
(2) a long term DBRS Rating or DBRS Equivalent Rating), at least "A" by Fitch and at least "A2" by 
Moody's (provided that, if any of the above credit institutions is on rating watch negative, it shall 
be treated as one notch below its current Fitch rating) or any other rating level from time to time 
provided for in the Rating Agencies' criteria.  
"Eligible Investment" means any investment denominated in Euro (unless a suitable hedging is in place) 
that has a maturity date falling, and which is redeemable at par together with accrued unpaid interest, 
no later than the next following Eligible Investment Liquidation Date and that is an obligation of a 
company incorporated in, or a sovereign issuer of, a Qualifying Country (as defined below), provided 
that in case of downgrade below such rating level the securities will be sold, if it could be achieved 
without a loss, otherwise the securities shall be allowed to mature, and is one or more of the following 
obligations or securities (including, without limitation, any obligations or securities for which the Cash 
Manager or the Representative of the Bondholders or an affiliate of any of them provides services): 
(i) 
direct obligations of any agency or instrumentality of a sovereign of a Qualifying Country, the 
obligations of which agency or instrumentality are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
in full by a Qualifying Country, a "Qualifying Country" being a country rated at the time of such 
investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment in such obligations, at 
least "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch, "Aa3" and "P-1" by Moody's and AA (low) or R-1 (middle) by 
DBRS; 
(ii) 
demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers' acceptances issued by any 
depositary institution or trust company (including, without limitation, the Payments Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank) incorporated under the laws of a Qualifying Country with, 
in each case, a maturity of no more than 30 days (and in any case falling prior to the 
immediately following Eligible Investment Liquidation Date) and subject to supervision and 
examination by governmental banking authorities, provided that the commercial paper and/or 
the debt obligations of such depositary institution or trust company (or, in the case of the 
principal depositary institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt 
obligations of such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual 
commitment providing for such investment have a credit rating of at least "A" and "F1" by Fitch 
, "A2" and "P-1" by Moody’s and with respect to DBRS rated according to the “DBRS A” table; 
(iii) 
any security rated at least (A) "P-1" by Moody's, "A" and "F1" by Fitch and with respect to DBRS 
according to the DBRS A table, if the relevant maturity is up to 30 calendar days, (B) "P-1" by 
Moody's "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch and with respect to DBRS according to DBRS B table, if the 
relevant maturity is up to 365 calendar days provided that, in all cases, the maximum 
aggregate total exposures in general to classes of assets with certain ratings by the Rating 
Agencies will, if requested by any Rating Agencies, be limited to the maximum percentages 
specified by any such Rating Agencies; 
(iv) 
subject to the rating of the Covered Bonds not being affected, unleveraged repurchase 
obligations with respect to: (1) commercial paper or other short-term obligations having, at 
the time of such investment, a credit rating of at least "AA-" or "F1+" by Fitch, "Aa3" and "P-1"

--- Page 342 ---
- 342 - 
 
by Moody's and a maturity of not more than 180 days from their date of issuance and with 
respect to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A and DBRS B tables; 
(2) off-shore money market funds rated, at all times, "AAA/V-1" by Fitch and "Aaa/MR1+" by 
Moody's and with respect to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A 
and DBRS B tables; and (3) any other investment similar to those described in paragraphs (1) 
and (2) above: (a) provided that any such other investment will not affect the rating of the 
Covered Bonds; and (b) which has the same rating as the investment described in paragraphs 
(1) and (2) above, provided that, (x) in any event, none of the Eligible Investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar 
claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any 
amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in 
any such instruments at any time and (y) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and 
their respective maturity) effectively passes (as confirmed by a non qualified legal opinion by a 
primary standing law firm) to the Issuer and the obligations of the relevant counterparty are 
not related to the performance of the underlying securities,  
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of 
Covered Bonds and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower 
than the initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do 
not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-
backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the 
relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1(a) of the 
CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European union which has a maturity not 
exceeding 30 (thirty) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 
1(a) of the CRR.  
DBRS A Table: eligible Investments with 
a maturity up to 30 days:CB Rating 
Eligible Investment Rating 
AAA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (high) 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (low) 
A or R-1(middle) 
A (high) 
BBB (high) or R-2 (high) 
A 
BBB or R-2 (middle) 
A (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (high) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BB (high) 
BB (high) or R-3 
BB 
BB or R-4

--- Page 343 ---
- 343 - 
 
BB (low) 
BB (low) or R-4 
 
DBRS B Table: 
Maximum 
maturity 
CB rated at least AA 
(low) 
CB rated between A 
(high) and A (low) 
CB rated BBB (high) and 
below 
90 days 
AA (low) or R-1 
(middle) 
A (low) or R-1 
(low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 
(middle) 
180 days 
AA or R-1 
(high) 
A or R-1 
(low) 
BBB or R-2 
(high) 
365 days 
AAA or  
R-1 (high) 
A (high) or R-1 
(middle) 
BBB or R-2 
(high) 
"Eligible Investment Date" means, in respect of any investment in Eligible Investments made or to be 
made in accordance with the Programme Documents, any Business Day immediately after a Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
"Eligible Investment Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any investment in Eligible Investments 
made or to be made in accordance with the Programme Documents, two Business Days before the 
Guarantor Calculation Date immediately following the relevant Eligible Investment Date. 
"Eligible Investments Securities Account" means the securities account that may be opened by the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Eligible Swap Agreement” means any swap agreement which meets the requirements of article 7-
decies of Law 130. 
"EU Directive on the Reorganisation and Winding up of Credit Institutions" means Directive 
2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and 
winding up of credit institutions. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015, as amended from time to 
time. 
"EURIBOR" (1) with respect to the Covered Bonds, has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms; and (2) with reference to each Loan Interest Period, means the rate denominated "Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate" (i) at 3 (three) months (provided that for the First Loan Interest Period, such 
rate will be calculated on the basis of the linear interpolation of 3month Euribor and 4-month Euribor), 
published on Reuters' page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor" or (A) in the different page which may 
substitute the Reuters' page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor", or (B) in the event such page or such 
system is not available, on the page of a different system containing the same information that can 
substitute Reuters' page "Euribor01" on the menu "Euribor" (or, in the event such page is available from 
more than one system, in the one selected by the Representative of the Bondholders) (hereinafter, the 
"Screen Rate") at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) of the date of determination of Interest falling immediately 
before the beginning of such Loan Interest Period; or (ii) in the event that on any date of determination 
of Interest the Screen Rate is not published, the reference rate will be the arithmetic average (rounded 
off to three decimals) of the rates communicated to the Guarantor Calculation Agent, following request 
of such Guarantor Calculation Agent, by the Reference Banks at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant date of determination of Interest and offered to other financial institutions of similar standing 
for a reference period similar to such Loan Interest Period; or (iii) in the event the Screen Rate is not 
available and only two or three Reference Banks communicate the relevant rate quotations to the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the relevant rate shall be determined, as described above, on the basis of 
the rate quotations provided by the Reference Banks; or (iv) in the event that the Screen Rate is not

--- Page 344 ---
- 344 - 
 
available and only one or no Reference Banks communicate such quotation to the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the relevant rate shall be the rate applicable to the immediately preceding period 
under sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, provided that if the definition of Euribor is agreed differently in 
the context of the Asset Swap Agreement entered into by and between the Guarantor and an Asset 
Swap Provider in the context of the Programme, such definition will replace this definition. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the EEA which adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Euro Equivalent" means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than 
the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at the prevailing exchange rate. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B1210 
Brussels. 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at Piazza degli 
Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with article 83-quater of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act. 
"European Economic Area" or “EEA” means the region comprised of member states of the EEA which 
adopt the Euro currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Assets" means any Eligible Asset forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess for the 
purpose of satisfying the Tests. 
"Excess Term Loan Amount" means any amount equal to the Accrued Interest collected by the 
Guarantor, as specified in the relevant Servicer's Reports. 
"Execution Date" means (i) with respect to the assignment of the Initial Portfolio, the date falling on the 
date on which the Principal Seller receives from the Guarantor the letter of acceptance of the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement, Master Servicing Agreement, Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, and (ii) with respect to the assignment of each New Portfolio, the date 
on which each of the Principal Seller or Additional Seller (if any) receives from the Guarantor the letter 
of acceptance of the relevant Transfer Proposal. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors) arising in connection 
with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to 
maintain it in good standing, or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the account denominated in Euro and opened on behalf of the Guarantor 
with the Italian Account Bank, IBAN IT 81 J 01030 12000 000000736131, or any other substitutive 
account that may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to a specific Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the date 
falling 38 years after the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
date falling 4 calendar days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant 
terms contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority 
on or before the Issue Date of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 345 ---
- 345 - 
 
"Financial Laws Consolidation Act" means Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Issue Date" means the Issue Date of the first Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
"First Loan Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan, the period starting on the relevant 
Drawdown Date (exclusive) and ending on the first following Guarantor Payment Date (inclusive). 
"First Series of Covered Bonds" means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer in the 
context of the Programme. 
"First Tranche of Covered Bonds" means if applicable the first Tranche of Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer in the context of the issuance of the First Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fitch" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating 
agency which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered 
Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant 
time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other 
entity of the Fitch group. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Interest Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
respect of which a fixed rate Corresponding Interest applies as indicated in the relevant Term Loan 
Proposal and corresponding to the interest payable on the corresponding Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
"Fixed Rate Provisions" has the meaning set out in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
"Floating Interest Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
in respect of which a floating rate Corresponding Interest applies as indicated in the relevant Term 
Loan Proposal and corresponding to the interest payable on the corresponding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
"Floating Rate Provisions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended by the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2023 and as further amended from time to time. 
"Guarantee" means the guarantee granted by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments owed by the Issuer to the Bondholders and to the Other Guarantor Creditors pursuant to Law 
130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Guarantee Enforcement Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Bondholders upon occurrence of certain Issuer Events of Default as better specified in Condition 11.2 
(Issuer Events of Default). 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantee 
Enforcement Notice and prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the Redemption Amount, the Interest Amount and any other amounts 
due from time to time by the Issuer to the Bondholders with respect to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, including, for avoidance of doubt and without double counting, any amount that have 
been already paid timely by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Bondholders, to the extent it was 
clawed-back thereafter by a bankruptcy receiver, liquidator or other duly appointed officer upon 
opening of any bankruptcy proceedings or other similar insolvency proceedings of the Issuer.

--- Page 346 ---
- 346 - 
 
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the payment obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantor" means MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee. 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available 
Funds. 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity acting 
in such capacity pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Guarantor Calculation Date" means the date falling on the 22nd calendar day of March, June, 
September and December, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day. 
"Guarantor Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity acting 
in such capacity pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
case of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
5 Business Days after the Guarantor Calculation Date of March, June, September and December or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the 
Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the 
relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor's Accounts" means, collectively, the Italian Collection Account, the Main Programme 
Account, the Expenses Account, the Reserve Account, the Payments Account, the Eligible Investments 
Securities Account and any other account opened in the context of the Programme with the exception 
of any Collateral Account(s) as defined pursuant to clause 7.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"IFRS" means international financial reporting and accounting standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
"Individual Purchase Price" means: 
(i) 
with respect to each Eligible Asset transferred pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreements, the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant 
Eligible Asset: 
(A) 
minus the aggregate amount of (1) the accrued interest obtained at the date of the last 
financial statement with reference to such Eligible Asset and included in such book 
value; and (2) any collections with respect to principal received by the relevant Seller 
with respect to such Eligible Asset, starting from the date of the most recent financial 
statement (ultimo bilancio) until the relevant Valuation Date (included); and 
(B) 
increased of the aggregate amount of the Accrued Interest with respect to such 
Eligible Asset obtained at the relevant Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
such other value, pursuant to article 7-viciester of Law 130, as indicated by the Principal Seller 
(or each Additional Seller, if any) in the relevant Transfer Proposal. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the first portfolio of Receivables and related Security Interests to be purchased 
by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Initial Portfolio Purchase Price" means the consideration paid by the Guarantor to the Principal Seller 
for the transfer of the Initial Portfolio, calculated in accordance with clause 5.1 of the Master Assets

--- Page 347 ---
- 347 - 
 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined 
in the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(B) in respect of any company, entity or corporation other than the Issuer that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable procedure of 
judicial liquidation, liquidation, administrative compulsory liquidation, any insolvency 
proceedings pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, inter alia and 
by way of example, pursuant to and for the purposes of the Business Crisis and Insolvency 
Code), instrument or measure for the regulation of crisis and insolvency (including, without 
limitation, and merely by way of example, the "concordato preventivo", “piano di 
ristrutturazione soggetto a omologazione”, “accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti” as well as 
the “piano attestato di risanamento” pursuant to the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), 
insolvency and/or restructuring procedures or procedures or similar instruments/measures 
pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, but not limited to, 
application for liquidation, restructuring, dissolution procedures, access to any of the 
measures set forth in the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code) or the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a 
pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the 
Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further 
programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings under (i) 
above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal 
adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the 
Programme Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of 
its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of 
payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under 
article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, corporate reorganization or other 
proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the 
terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning set out in Condition 9(h) (Redemption and Purchase Redemption

--- Page 348 ---
- 348 - 
 
by instalments). 
"Insurance Policies" means (i) each insurance policy taken out with the insurance companies in relation 
to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan or (ii) any possible "umbrella" insurance policy in 
relation to the Real Estate Assets which have lost their previous relevant insurance coverage. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into 
the Main Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited to the Main 
Programme Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Programme Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount, and following the service of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice, on the  
Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(v) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts; 
(vi) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(vii) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Asset Swap Agreement and the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts 
received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied, together with any provision for such 
payments made on any preceding Guarantor Calculation Date, (i) to make payments in respect 
of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) to make payments in respect of interest due on 
the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for the payment of such relevant 
proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other day up to the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date, as the Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably determine, or 
otherwise; 
(viii) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(ix) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under any Swap Agreement; 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts will be, 
to the extent permitted by the relevant Swap Agreement, net of any cost necessary to replace 
the swap provider and find an eligible swap counterparty to enter into a replacement swap 
agreement; 
(x) 
all interest amounts received from the Principal Seller (or any Additional Seller, if any) by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(xi) 
any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments; and

--- Page 349 ---
- 349 - 
 
(xii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.4 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the difference, 
if positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable (but for the operation of clause 13 
(Enforcement of Security, Non Petition and Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement) under 
items First to Fifth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the Interest Available 
Funds (net of such Interest Shortfall Amount) on such Guarantor Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Determination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Date" means each date on which a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued. 
"Issuer" means BMPS. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders upon 
occurrence of certain Issuer Event of Default as better specified in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
"Istruzioni di Vigilanza" means the regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 
2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche), as amended from time to time, as 
well as any other regulation issued by the Bank of Italy.  
"Istruzioni di Vigilanza per gli Intermediari Finanziari" means the regulations for financial 
intermediaries issued by the Bank of Italy on 5 August 1996 with circular number 216, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Italian Account" means each of the Italian Collection Account, the Payments Account, the Expenses 
Account, the Main Programme Account and the Reserve Account, and "Italian Accounts" means all of 
them.

--- Page 350 ---
- 350 - 
 
"Italian Account Bank" means BMPS or any other entity appointed to act as such pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Italian Account Bank Report" means the report produced by the Italian Account Bank pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Italian Back-Up Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch or any other 
entity appointed to act as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Italian Collection Account" means any of the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the 
Guarantor and held by the Italian Account Bank for the deposit of any amount of the Collections of the 
Portfolios number 000008417530 (IBAN: IT 27 S 01030 14200 000008417530) and any other account 
which may be opened by the Guarantor if a bank part of the Montepaschi Group will accede the 
Programme in its capacity as Additional Seller and Additional Servicer, for the deposit of the collections 
of the Portfolios transferred by such bank, in its capacity as Additional Seller, to the Guarantor, or any 
other substitutive account which may be opened by the Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Joint-Arrangers" means, collectively, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BMPS and NatWest Markets N.V.. 
"Joint Regulation" means the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the 
relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the 
requirements provided for under the Prudential Regulations) addressed to the Seller(s) or obtained 
from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional 
mortgage lenders in Italy. 
"Law 130" means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as the same may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the Eligible Assets in accordance with article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, let. 
(b) of Law 130. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” means the test described in clause 4 (Liquidity Reserve Requirement) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal 
fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any value added or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred to in this definition. 
"Loan Interest" means any of the Base Interest or the Corresponding Interest, as calculated in the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Loan Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan: (i) the relevant First Loan Interest Period; 
and thereafter (ii) each period starting on a Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) and ending on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date (included). 
"Main Programme Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the 
Guarantor 
and 
held 
by 
the 
Payments 
Account 
Bank, 
number 
7577439780 
(IBAN 
IT57Z0335101600007577439780), or any other substitutive account which may be opened by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Mandatory Tests" means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 as calculated 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 351 ---
- 351 - 
 
"Margin" has the meaning set out to the term "Margine" in the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Master Assets Purchase Agreement" means the master assets purchase agreement entered on 25 May 
2010 between the Guarantor, the Principal Seller and, following accession to the Programme, each 
Additional Seller, as amended from time to time. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about 18 
June 2010 between the parties of the Programme Documents, as amended from time to time. 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered on 25 May 2010 between 
the Guarantor, the Principal Servicer and, following accession to the Programme, each Additional 
Servicer, as amended from time to time. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Meetings" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
"Merger" means the merger by way of incorporation of BAV in BMPS with effect as of 28 April 2013 for 
civil code purposes and as of 1 January 2013 for accounting and tax purposes. Following the Merger, 
BMPS assumed all rights and obligations of BAV in its capacity as Additional Seller; Additional Servicer 
and Additional Subordinated Lender under the Programme and any reference to BAV in the Programme 
Documents shall be deemed to be referred to BMPS, which takes over any and all activities and roles 
previously carried out by BAV. 
"Minimum DBRS Rating": 
Highest 
Rating 
Assigned 
to 
Rated 
Securities 
Minimum Institution Rating 
AAA (sf) 
"A" 
AA (high) (sf) 
"A" 
AA (sf) 
"A" 
AA (low) (sf) 
"A" 
A (high) (sf) 
BBB (high)  
A (sf) 
BBB 
A (low) (sf) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (high) (sf) 
BBB (low)

--- Page 352 ---
- 352 - 
 
BBB (sf) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) (sf) 
BBB (low) 
 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Montepaschi Group" or "Group" means, together, the banks and other companies belonging from time 
to time to the banking group "Gruppo Montepaschi", enrolled with the register of banking groups held 
by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Monthly Collection Period" means (a) each period commencing on (and including) a Collection Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the following Collection Date; and (b) in the case of the first Monthly 
Collection Period, the period commencing on (and including) the Valuation Date and ending on (and 
including) the last calendar day of the month immediately preceding the first Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means, with reference to the Principal Servicer the monthly report prepared 
by the Principal Servicer and with reference to any Additional Servicer, the monthly report prepared by 
any Additional Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (i) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 15th calendar day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may 
be indicated by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Moody's" means (a) for the purposes of identifying the entity which may assign a rating to the Covered 
Bonds (i) Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and any of its successors or assignees, and (ii) any other rating agency 
which may be selected from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or 
for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds; and (b) in any other cases, any other entity 
of the Moody’s group. 
"Mortgage" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgage Loan" means a Residential Mortgage Loan, the claims in respect of which have been and/or 
will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of which the 
Receivables arise. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in 
favour of the relevant Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of 
a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
"Negative Carry Factor" is a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average margin of the 
Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and 
interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the 
Cover Pool, calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, it being understood that, if the Maturity Date of a Series is extendable to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account 
shall be based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Maturity Date.  
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.3 of the Cover Pool

--- Page 353 ---
- 353 - 
 
Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Eligible Assets (other than the Initial Portfolio) which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement. 
"New Portfolio Purchase Price" means the consideration which the Guarantor shall pay to the relevant 
Seller for the transfer of each New Portfolio in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement 
and equal to the aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets 
included in the relevant New Portfolio. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning as indicated pursuant to clause 2.2 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Non-Performing Asset" means, collectively, the Defaulted Receivables and the UTP Receivables. 
"Notice" means any notice delivered under or in connection with any Programme Document. 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
"Order" means a final, judicial or arbitration decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction that is not subject to possible appeal or reversal. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Bondholders" means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
"Other Guarantor Creditors" means the Principal Seller and each Additional Seller, if any, the Principal 
Servicer and each Additional Servicer, if any, the Back-up Servicer, the Principal Subordinated Lender 
and each Additional Subordinated Lender, if any, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Pre-Issuer 
Default Test Calculation Agent, the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Asset Swap Providers, the Covered Bond Swap Providers, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Italian Back-Up Account Bank, the Payments Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the 
Portfolio Manager (if any). 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means any Principal Balance outstanding in respect of any asset 
included in the Cover Pool. 
"Pass Through Series" means: 
(1) 
any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which: 
(a) 
the Issuer has failed to repay in whole or in part the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount on the applicable Maturity Date and a Guarantee Enforcement Notice 
has been served on the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of 
Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to  
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds on 
the relevant Extension Determination Date; 
(2) 
all Series of Covered Bonds if a Guarantee Enforcement Notice has been delivered (and, in case 
of a Guarantee Enforcement Notice delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a breach of the Amortisation Test has

--- Page 354 ---
- 354 - 
 
occurred. 
"Paying Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent and each other paying agent appointed from time to 
time under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any 
day which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
"Payments Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
held with the Payments Account Bank number 8955119780, IBAN IT96O0335101600008955119780 
or any other substitutive account which may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Performing Receivables" means any Receivable which has not been classified as UTP Receivable or 
Defaulted Receivable. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bondholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
"Portfolio" means collectively the Initial Portfolio and any other New Portfolios which has been 
purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Portfolio Manager" means the subject appointed as portfolio manager pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
"Post-Issuer Default Test Performance Report" means, on each Test Calculation Date and Quarterly 
Test Calculation Date during the period after the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the relevant report 
prepared by the Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent setting out the calculations carried out by it 
with respect of the relevant Tests and specifying whether any of such Tests was not met. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent" means BMPS. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report" means, on each Test Calculation Date and Quarterly Test 
Calculation Date prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the relevant report prepared by the 
Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of

--- Page 355 ---
- 355 - 
 
the relevant Tests and specifying whether any of such Tests was not met. 
"Premium" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the Guarantor on each 
Programme Term Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and equal to the Guarantor 
Available Funds as at such date, after all amounts payable in priority thereto have been made in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in 
respect of that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that 
day; and (b) in relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in 
(a) in respect of all Covered Bonds outstanding. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Principal Servicer (and any Additional 
Seller, if any) and credited to the Main Programme Account of the Guarantor during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets and any disinvestment of Eligible Investments; 
(v) 
any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and not used to 
fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any Eligible Assets; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than any 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(vii) 
any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and 
(viii) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Programme Accounts. 
"Principal Balance" means for any Mortgage Loan as at any given date, the aggregate of: (a) the original 
principal amount advanced to the relevant Debtor and any further amount advanced on or before the 
given date to the relevant Debtor secured or intended to be secured by the related Security Interest; and 
(b) any interest, disbursement, legal expense, fee, charge, rent, service charge, premium or payment 
which has been properly capitalised in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Loan or with the relevant 
Debtor's consent and added to the amounts secured or intended to be secured by that Mortgage Loan; 
and (c) any other amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Accrued Interest and interest in arrears) 
which is due or accrued (whether or not due) and which has not been paid by the relevant Debtor and 
has not been capitalised, as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding that given date less 
any repayment or payment of any of the foregoing made on or before the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding that given date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such 
Member State of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Milan branch in its capacity as 
Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or any 
other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.

--- Page 356 ---
- 356 - 
 
"Principal Seller" means BMPS. 
"Principal Servicer" means BMPS. 
"Principal Subordinated Lender" means BMPS in its capacity as Subordinated Lender pursuant to the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available Funds shall be 
applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Privacy Law" means (i) the EU Regulation n. 679/2016 (“General Data Protection Regulation” – “GDPR”); 
(ii) the Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified or 
supplemented; as well as (iii) any regulations, guidelines and provisions, from time to time applicable, 
concerning the protection of personal data, adopted by the Supervisory Authority or other competent 
authority. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each series of Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni 
Bancarie Garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with Title I-bis of Law 130. 
"Programme Accounts" means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and any other account opened from 
time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor, the Principal Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
Dealers, as amended from time to time. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantee, the 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions, the Deed of Pledge, the  
Master Definitions Agreement, any Final Term agreed in the context of the issuance of each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds and any other agreement entered into in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Limit" means €20,000,000,000. 
"Programme Term Loan" means any Term Loan granted under the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
respect of which the Base Interest applies pursuant to terms of the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Prospectus" means the base prospectus prepared in the context of the issuance of the Covered Bonds. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation EU 2017/1129, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
"Purchase Price" means, as applicable, the consideration for the Initial Portfolio Purchase Price or the 
consideration for the New Portfolio Purchase Price pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent which must 
be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholders. 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a Bondholder having 
deposited a Put Option Notice. 
"Quarterly Collection Period" means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each period 
commencing on (and including) the Collection Dates in December, March, June and September and 
ending on (but excluding), respectively, the Collection Dates in March, June, September and December; 
(b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, each period commencing on (and including) the

--- Page 357 ---
- 357 - 
 
last day of the preceding Quarterly Collection Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling 10 
calendar days prior to the next following quarterly Collection Date. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report" with reference to the Principal Servicer the quarterly report prepared by 
the Principal Servicer and with reference to any Additional Servicer, the quarterly report prepared by 
any Additional Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Monthly Servicer's Report Date falling in March, June, September and December of each year or, if such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Quarterly Test Calculation Date" means the Test Calculation Date falling in March, June, September 
and December, of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Italian Account Bank IBAN IT 43O0103061622000061239727 for the deposit of the Quota 
Capital.  
"Quotaholder" means BMPS and any other quotaholder of the Guarantor. 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the quotaholders' agreement entered on 18 June 2010 between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor and the Quotaholders, as amended from time to time. 
"Rate of Exchange" has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch, Moody's and DBRS. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure 
the Receivables. 
"Receivables" means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
law and the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights and claims in respect of the repayment of the Principal Instalments due and not paid 
at the Valuation Date (excluded); 
(ii) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest (including the default interest) 
accruing on the Mortgage Loans, which are due from (but excluding) the Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
the Accrued Interest; 
(iv) 
all rights and claims in respect of each Mortgage and any Collateral Security relating to the 
relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement; 
(v) 
all rights and claims under and in respect of the Insurance Policies; and 
(vi) 
any privileges and priority rights (diritti di prelazione) transferable pursuant to the law, as well 
as any other right, claim or action (including any legal proceeding for the recovery of suffered 
damages, the remedy of termination (risoluzione per inadempimento) and the declaration of 
acceleration of the debt (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) with respect to the Debtors) and 
any substantial and procedural action and defence, including the remedy of termination 
(risoluzione per inadempimento) and the declaration of acceleration of the debt (decadenza 
dal beneficio del termine) with respect to the Debtors, inherent in or ancillary to the aforesaid 
rights and claims;

--- Page 358 ---
- 358 - 
 
(vii) 
excluding any expenses for the correspondence and any expenses connected to the ancillary 
services requested by the relevant Debtor. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in relation to any Defaulted 
Receivables and any UTP Receivables. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount (as any such terms are defined in the Conditions) or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" (A) with respect to the Covered Bonds, has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate; and, (B) with respect to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, means four financial institutions of the greatest importance, acting on the interbank 
market of the member states of the European Union, as selected by the Principal Subordinated Lender 
and communicated to the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date,  
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system (other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a 
clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative of the Bondholders" means The Bank of New York Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited or any other entity acting in such capacity pursuant to the Programme Documents.

--- Page 359 ---
- 359 - 
 
"Required Redemption Amount" means (i) to the extent that no Series of Covered Bonds have become 
Pass Through Series, the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by (1 + Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds/365)) and thereafter (ii) zero. 
"Required Reserve Amount" means the aggregate of the amounts calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent on each Guarantor Calculation Date, in accordance with the following formula: 
• 
A plus B, if BMPS is the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, or if no Covered Bond Swap Agreement has been entered into with respect to the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
• 
A plus C, if BMPS is not the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement, where: 
"A" is the sum of all the amounts to be paid by the Guarantor on the next following Guarantor 
Payment Date (i) under item First of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments and (ii) 
as compensation for the activity of any of the Principal Servicer or the Additional Servicer 
under the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"B" is the aggregate amount of all interest payable with respect of each Series of Covered 
Bonds during the six months period following the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date; and 
"C" the sum of the Floating Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement related to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bond) due by the Guarantor during the six months period following the 
relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. 
"Reserve Account" means the account denominated in Euro opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
held by the Payments Account Bank, number 7577449780 (IBAN: IT05A0335101600007577449780) 
or any other substitutive account which may be opened pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Amount" means the funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account from time to time. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" means a loan secured by residential mortgage meeting the requirements 
of article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of Law 130. 
"Residential Real Estate Assets" means the Real Estate Assets relating to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
"Resolution Event" means the starting of a resolution procedure vis-à-vis the Issuer pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and subject to the relevant implementing measures adopted by the 
competent resolution authority. 
"Retention Amount" means an amount equal to €50,000.00. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders" means the rules of the organisation of the Bondholders 
attached as Exhibit 1 to the Terms and Conditions, as from time to time modified in accordance with 
the provisions therein contained and including any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto. 
"Screen Rate Determination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. 
"Security Interest" means 
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any obligation of any 
person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or other 
account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect

--- Page 360 ---
- 360 - 
 
discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(iii) 
any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and retention 
arrangement) having a similar effect. 
"Segregation Event" has the meaning given to the definition "Segregation Event" pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions. 
"Selected Assets" means the Eligible Assets from time to time sold by the Guarantor in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Seller" means the Principal Seller pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and each 
Additional Seller (if any). 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme. 
"Servicer" means any of BMPS in its capacity as Principal Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing 
Agreement and any Additional Servicer pursuant to the terms and conditions provided therein. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any event as indicated in clause 11.1 of the Master Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report Date" means any of the Monthly Servicer's Report Date or any of the Quarterly 
Servicer's Report Date. 
"Servicer's Reports" means any of the Monthly Servicer's Report and the Quarterly Servicer's Report. 
"Specific Criteria" means the specific criteria specified in schedule 1 to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office(s)" means, in relation to any Paying Agent, the office currently specified in the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or as further specified by notice to the Issuer and the 
other parties to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement in the manner provided 
therein or in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stock Exchange" means the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). 
"Subordinated Lender" means any of the Principal Subordinated Lender and any Additional 
Subordinated Lender(s), if any. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means each subordinated loan agreement entered between a 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
"Subordinated Loan Availability Period" means the period starting from the date of execution of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (or, in respect of any Additional Seller, the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement) and ending on the date on which all the Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, in which the 
Subordinated Lender has the right to grant to the Guarantor, on each Drawdown Date, a Term Loan. 
"Subscription Agreement" means any subscription agreement entered on or about the Issue Date of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds between, inter alios, each Dealer and the Guarantor 
"Substitute Servicer" means the substitute of the Servicer which will take over the servicing activities in 
the event of a Servicer Termination Event pursuant to clause 12 of the Master Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 361 ---
- 361 - 
 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, the Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s), the Asset Swap 
Agreement and any other swap agreement which may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context 
of the Programme. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may not 
be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant 
Swap Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap 
Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, as applicable, the Asset Swap Provider(s), the Covered Bond Swap Providers 
and any other entity which may act as swap counterparty to the Guarantor by entering into a Swap 
Agreement. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity 
Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
Euro. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
"Term Loan" means any term loan in the form of a Programme Term Loan or Fixed Interest Term Loan 
or Floating Interest Term Loan, made or to be made available to the Guarantor on each Drawdown Date 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement or the principal amount outstanding for the time being of 
that loan. 
"Term Loan Proposal" means an "Offerta di Finanziamento Subordinato" as such term is defined in the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Terms and Conditions" means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means any of the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and the Post-
Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date on which the calculation of the Tests are performed, being a 
date falling on or before the Test Performance Report Date, provided that following the delivery of a 
Guarantee Enforcement Notice the first Test Calculation Date will fall 7 Business Days after the delivery 
of such Guarantee Enforcement Notice. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any of the Mandatory 
Tests or of the Asset Coverage Test is notified by the Pre-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent and 
ending on the immediately following Test Performance Report Date. "Test Performance Report" means, 
respectively (i) the Pre-Issuer Default Test Performance Report to be issued by the Pre-Issuer Default 
Test Calculation Agent and (ii) the Post-Issuer Default Test Performance Report to be issued by the 
Post-Issuer Default Test Calculation Agent, each setting out the calculations carried out by it with 
respect to the relevant Tests. 
"Test Performance Report Date" means the date falling the 22nd calendar day of each month. 
"Test Remedy Period" means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of Tests Notice is 
delivered and ending on the Test Performance Report Date falling 3 months thereafter.  
"Tests" means, as appropriate, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
"Total Commitment" means, in respect of each Subordinated Lender, the commitment specified in the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 362 ---
- 362 - 
 
"Tranche" or "Tranches of Covered Bonds" means each tranche of Covered Bonds which may be 
comprised in a Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Transfer Proposal" means, in respect to each New Portfolio, the transfer proposal which will be sent by 
the relevant Seller and addressed to the Guarantor substantially in the form set out in schedule 7 to 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Usury Law" means Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, together with Decree number 349 of 29 
December 2000 as converted into Law number 24 of 28 February 2001. 
"UTP Assets" means the UTP Receivables.  
“UTP Receivables” means any Receivable classified as unlikely-to-pay loan (inadempienza probabile) 
pursuant to the Circular no. 272/2008 (Matrice dei Conti) issued by the Bank of Italy, as subsequently 
modified and supplemented, and, as such, signalled to the “Centrale dei Rischi” pursuant to the 
Circular No. 139/1991 of the Bank of Italy, as subsequently modified and supplemented. 
"Valuation Date" means, with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the 21 of May 2010 and with respect to 
any New Portfolios, the date that will be established jointly by the Principal Seller or any Additional 
Seller and the Guarantor. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered on 25 May 
2010 between the Principal Seller and the Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
"Zero Coupon Provisions" has the meaning set out in Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
“€STR” means the euro short-term rate published by the European Central Bank.

--- Page 363 ---
- 363 - 
 
 
ISSUER 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Piazza Salimbeni, 3 
53100, Siena 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
Conegliano, Treviso 
Italy 
 
JOINT-ARRANGERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena S.p.A. 
Piazza Salimbeni, 3 
53100, Siena 
Italy 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 1082 
MD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS FOR THE PROGRAMME 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 1082 MD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT, PAYMENTS ACCOUNT BANK, ITALIAN 
BACK-UP ACCOUNT BANK 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square - London 
E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Milan Branch 
Multi Tower, Boulevard Anspachlaan 1, 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
LEGAL AND TAX ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Italian law and Tax 
Chiomenti 
Via Giuseppe Verdi, 4  
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
LEGAL AND TAX ADVISERS TO THE JOINT-ARRANGERS 
as to Italian and English law and Tax 
Allen & Overy Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy