--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
This base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the "CNMV"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") 
(as defined below). The CNMV only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CNMV should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the notes (the "Notes"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the Spanish Fixed Income Securities Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta 
Fija) ("AIAF") operated by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U. (the "Spanish Regulated Market Operator"). AIAF is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
dealer(s). 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the CNMV, in accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, comprises a Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described herein, during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, Banco Santander, S.A. (the "Issuer") may issue Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not 
at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Particulars of the dates of, parties to and general nature of each 
document to which the Issuer is a party in relation to the Programme and any Notes (the "Transaction Documents") are set out in various 
sections of this Base Prospectus.  
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential purchasers should note the statements on pages 306 to 314 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the 
Notes and the disclosure requirements imposed by Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, on the Issuer relating to the Notes. 
Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes 
is obtained. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any state 
securities laws, and the Issuer is only offering Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") or in other transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act and, in each case, in compliance 
with applicable securities laws. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Where a series of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) of a relevant Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), as the case may be, will be disclosed in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under 
the CRA Regulation (as updated from time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Information on the ESMA website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
The Issuer has been rated by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"), S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"), Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") and GBB-Rating 
Gesellschaft für Bonitätsbeurteilung GmbH ("GBB-Rating"). The Issuer’s long-term credit ratings are A- with a stable outlook (Fitch), A2 
with a stable outlook (Moody's), A+ with a stable outlook (S&P), A (High) with a stable outlook (DBRS Morningstar), AA- with a stable 
outlook (Scope Ratings) and A+ with a stable outlook (GBB-Rating). The Issuer's short-term credit ratings are F2 (Fitch), P-1 (Moody's), A-
1 (S&P), and R-1 (Middle) (DBRS Morningstar). Each of Fitch, Moody's, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings and GBB-Rating is 
established in the European Union. Each of Fitch, Moody's, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings and GBB-Rating is registered under the 
CRA Regulation and as such, is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of Fitch, 
Moody's, S&P, DBRS Morningstar, Scope Ratings or GBB-Rating is established in the United Kingdom and none has applied for registration 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  The Issuer ratings issued by Fitch, Moody’s, S&P, DBRS Morningstar and Scope Ratings have been endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch UK"), Moody’s Investors Service Limited ("Moody’s UK"), DBRS Ratings Limited ("DBRS UK") and Scope 
Ratings UK Limited ("Scope UK"), respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn.  Fitch UK, 
Moody’s UK, DBRS UK and Scope UK are established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that the credit ratings stated in this Base Prospectus will be effective after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Amounts payable under the Notes 
may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Where relevant, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
21 December 2023

--- Page 2 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
- ii - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated in it by reference and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. No person has been 
authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this document 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in either (a) in the case of Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the AIAF regulated market ("Non-Exempt Notes") (i) the final terms (the "Final Terms"), or (ii) a 
separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") (as described under "Applicable 
Transaction Terms and Drawdown Prospectus" below), or (b) in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement", and together with the Final Terms, the "Applicable Transaction 
Terms"). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be read and construed as a reference to 
such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, (the "EEA") and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 5(1) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA"). The CNMV has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, trading in the 
Notes has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
- iii - 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  
The Notes will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer – see "Transfer Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation of an offer by or on behalf of 
the Issuer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.  
The Issuer makes no representations to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under 
any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes"). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be converted into euros at 
the date of the issuance of such Notes).  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to (i) "EUR", 
"Euro", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended, and (ii) "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" and "dollars" are to the lawful currency of 
the United States of America.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Non-Exempt Notes with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or the equivalent in another currency) will either (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) have a minimum subscription amount of at least €100,000 (or 
the equivalent in another currency) both on issuance and in respect of secondary market sales as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (which  will be the case in respect of Notes admitted to trading on the AIAF regulated 
market). Exempt Notes may be issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or the equivalent in another 
currency). 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Applicable Transaction Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by Final Terms or is a Drawdown Prospectus which specifies that offers may 
be made in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
The Issuer has not authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
- iv - 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes 
may, where applicable, include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
The Notes are complex financial instruments with high risk. There are significant risks inherent in the holding 
of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination and the implications on Noteholders (such 
as a substantial loss), the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes 
are difficult to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors in the Notes in such circumstances is 
also highly uncertain. 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular - In October 2018, the HKMA 
issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments 
with loss-absorption features and related products (the "HKMA Circular"). Under the HKMA Circular, debt 
instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject to the possibility of being written-down or converted to 
ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the 
performance of such instruments (together, "Loss-Absorption Products"), may only be offered to professional 
investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary 
legislation, "Professional Investors") in Hong Kong. Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms in respect of any Notes or to be issued under the Programme contain loss-absorption features and the Notes

--- Page 5 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
- v - 
may therefore be considered Loss-Absorption Products under the HKMA Circular. Investors in Hong Kong should 
not purchase such Notes with loss-absorption features unless they are Professional Investors and understand the 
risks involved. Such Notes are generally not suitable for retail investors in Hong Kong in either the primary or the 
secondary markets. 
This Base Prospectus describes certain Spanish tax implications and tax information procedures in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (see "Investment Considerations – Legal and Regulatory Considerations – 
Considerations in relation to Spanish Taxation", "Taxation in Spain" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information 
in connection with Payments"). Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
No holding of Implicit Yield Notes by Spanish individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined below) including, but not limited to, Zero 
Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") 
is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and 
such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish 
Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes. 
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (a) the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (b), subject to the paragraph below, a combination of (i) 
an explicit coupon and (ii) the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the 
characteristics set out in (b) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in each year 
(explicit coupon) is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date.  
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter determined by 
reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for (a) three year Spanish 
Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (b) five-year Spanish Government Bond 
issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less than seven years, or (c) 10, 15 or 30-year 
Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than seven years, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the Applicable Transaction Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the Applicable Transaction Terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation-action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any

--- Page 6 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
- vi - 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Spain), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Plan of Distribution". 
Any website referenced herein or any information on any such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and any such website or information 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.

--- Page 7 ---
CONTENTS 
- 7 - 
CONTENTS 
Page 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................................. 54 
ISSUE OF NOTES ............................................................................................................................................... 65 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 66 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ......................................... 74 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 75 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES .................... 142 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 149 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS .................................................... 161 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................... 199 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................... 245 
FORM OF NOTES ............................................................................................................................................. 290 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................................................................... 295 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 296 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. ............................................................................................................................ 298 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................................... 299 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS ................ 306 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 315

--- Page 8 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 8 - 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, the Applicable Transaction Terms and the 
documents incorporated by reference. 
 
Information relating to the Issuer 
 
The Issuer: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493006QMFDDMYWIAM13. 
Description of the Programme 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CNMV 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed under Spanish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to AIAF for the Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on the Spanish fixed income 
securities market, AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija ("AIAF"). Notes 
may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
may be unlisted, as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in 
Euros or U.S. dollars or in any other currency or currencies. 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be 
made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the 
currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations, central bank requirements and directives. Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year 
or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, 
such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or

--- Page 9 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 9 - 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the 
Issuer. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency (see "Maturities" above) and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt 
Note) will be €100,000 or, where it is a Note:  
(i) 
to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access; or 
(ii) 
to be admitted to trading on the AIAF regulated market, 
with a minimum subscription amount of €100,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency) both on issuance and in 
respect of secondary market sales,  
€1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency).  
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or 
Pricing Supplement: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as (i) completed by 
the applicable Final Terms in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on the AIAF regulated market, (ii) supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or (iii) supplemented, amended or replaced by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in registered form, without interest coupons 
("Registered Notes"), or in bearer form, with or without interest 
coupons ("Bearer Notes"). 
 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be issued in global form ("Registered Global 
Notes"), as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the 
case of Registered Global Notes, the Issuer will deliver a Global 
Note Certificate (as defined below), as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate will, unless 
otherwise specified, only be sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons the reliance on Regulation S and may be either (a) (in 
the case of a Global Note Certificate that is not to be held under the

--- Page 10 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 10 - 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS")) registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg" and, together with 
Euroclear the "ICSDs") and deposited on or about the relevant issue 
date with such common depositary, or (b) (in the case of a Global 
Note Certificate that is to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure) registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
deposited on or about the relevant issue date with such common 
safekeeper, in each case for credit to the respective accounts of 
beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby. 
 
On or prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the date of delivery of the Notes of each Series, 
beneficial interests in a Global Note Certificate representing Notes 
of such Series may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Except as described herein, Individual Note Certificates (as defined 
herein) will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in 
Global Note Certificates. See "Form of Notes – Registered Notes". 
 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified, only be sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S 
and will, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
without interest coupons attached, deposited: 
 
(a) in the case of a global note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with or on 
behalf of a common depositary located outside the United States for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or  
 
(b) in the case of a global note which is intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (i) for 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form, without 
coupons (a "Permanent Global Note"), (ii) in whole but not in part 
for definitive Notes in bearer form or (iii) directly for interests in a 
Global Note Certificate, following certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Bearer Notes may be exchangeable for Global Note Certificates. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a premium to 
their principal amount. Partly Paid Notes may also be issued, the 
Issue Price of which will be payable in two or more instalments.  
Type of Notes: 
Notes may be issued which are Fixed Interest Rate Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Partly Paid Notes, Reference Item 
Linked Interest Notes or Reference Item Linked Redemption Notes, 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 11 - 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
principal amount and will not bear interest. 
Partly Paid Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to Partly Paid Notes which are Exempt Notes, Partly Paid 
Notes will be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes which are 
not Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Issue Price of Notes which are Partly Paid Notes will be 
payable in instalments in such amounts and on such dates specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The Issuer will notify the 
Noteholders prior to the relevant Part Payment Date and will give 
details of the account to which such payment shall be made. If the 
relevant Part Payment Amount is not paid by a Noteholder, the 
Issuer will give notice and will redeem all the Notes by payment of 
the Early Redemption Amount. No interest will be paid in respect 
of the period from the Part Payment Date and the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed early.  
Interest in respect of such Partly Paid Notes will be determined by 
reference to the paid-up amount in respect of the Notes from time-
to-time. 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of reference item linked interest Notes will specify the relevant type 
of Note and the amounts of interest payable will be calculated as 
provided in the conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus for that type of Note, which may be by reference to a 
constant maturity swap rates, U.S. Dollar Constant Maturity 
Treasury rates, an inflation index, a foreign exchange rate or a 
formula (or in the case of Exempt Notes such other underlying 
reference item as may be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Settlement of the Notes: 
Notes will be cash settled. 
Reference Item Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of reference item linked redemption Notes will specify the relevant 
type of Note and the redemption amounts payable will be calculated 
as provided in the conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus for that type of Note, which may be (as applicable) by 
reference to a constant maturity swap rates, U.S. Dollar Constant 
Maturity Treasury rates, an inflation index, a foreign exchange rate 
or a formula (or in the case of Exempt Notes such other underlying

--- Page 12 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 12 - 
reference item as may be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of Notes which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set 
out the date on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may 
be redeemed. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up 
Notes, step-down Notes, dual currency Notes, reverse dual currency 
Notes, optional dual currency Notes and any other type of Note will 
be set out in the Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus 
(as applicable). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue 
of Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above or as otherwise 
specifically provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. 
Notes may be redeemed at the redemption amount specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
Status: 
The Notes will either be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
and as more fully described in Condition 4 (Status of the Notes). 
Substitution and Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable 
Transaction 
Terms 
and 
a 
TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right of 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons, as applicable, 
has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or modify the terms 
of all (but not some only) of the Notes, including, in the case of 
English Law Notes by changing the governing law of the Notes 
from English law to Spanish law, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted 
for, or varied to, become, or remain Qualifying Notes. See 
Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation). 
Information requirements under Spanish 
Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Issuer is required to provide to the Spanish tax 
authorities certain information relating to the Notes. 
 
If the Principal Paying Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the 
required information described under "Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in connection with Payments" – Taxation in Spain" in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer may be required to withhold tax and 
may pay income in respect of such principal amount net of the 
Spanish withholding tax applicable to such payments (currently at 
the rate of 19%). 
 
None of the Issuer or the ICSDs assumes any responsibility 
therefore.

--- Page 13 ---
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 13 - 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law or Spanish law, as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms.  In the case of English law Notes, 
Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail 
Investors, Spain, Canada, France, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, 
Singapore, Switzerland and Taiwan. See "Plan of Distribution". 
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be 
set out in the Pricing Supplement. 
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in 
any type of Note before they make their investment decision. They 
should make their own independent decision to invest in any type 
of Note and as to whether an investment in such Note is appropriate 
or proper for them based upon their own judgement and upon 
advice from such advisers as they consider necessary. 
 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes, 
see "Risk Factors". 
 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments 
from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks 
associated with an investment in a particular type of Note.

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 14 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any 
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below. Words 
and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including "Annex 1 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes", "Annex 2 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes" and "Annex 3 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which are CMS Linked Notes, CMT Linked Notes, Inflation Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes (as each such term is defined in the Conditions) or, if the Notes 
are Exempt Notes, commodity linked or other reference item linked notes ("Reference Item Linked Notes"). The 
relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are not Exempt Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are Exempt Notes will be specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes may involve a number of risks, 
some of which are referred to below (see "Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes") and which are 
not associated with investment in a conventional debt security. The amount paid by the Issuer on redemption of 
the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Reference Item Linked Notes and 
may in certain circumstances be zero.  
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer or that either 
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price 
of the Notes may decline and investors could lose the value of their entire investment or part of it.  
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS  
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Purchase, Holding and Trading of the Notes 
 
2. 
Risks Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
 
3. 
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
 
4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
 
5. 
Macro-Economic Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
 
6. 
Risks Relating to the Group's Business 
 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Purchase, Holding and Trading of the Notes 
The Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer 
Holders of Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer. That is the risk that the Issuer is not able to meet its obligations 
under such Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments under such Notes are to be 
calculated. In such circumstances Holders may lose some or all of their investment. 
Claims of holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all 
times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 15 - 
In addition, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD I"), as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC 
("BRRD II" and together with BRRD I, the "BRRD"), Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the Recovery and Resolution 
of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms ("Law 11/2015") and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the "SRM 
Regulation") contemplate that any liabilities to the Issuer may be subject to the application of the general bail-in 
tool (see "Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment 
firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the 
value of any Notes" below). 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer.  
Although application may be made to AIAF for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on AIAF (and/or 
another stock exchange and/or quotation system), this does not mean that such Notes will be any more or less 
liquid than if such Notes were not listed and there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
There may be no secondary market for the Notes. If a secondary market does exist, it may be illiquid and investors 
may find it difficult to trade the Notes. The number of Notes of any Series may be relatively small, further 
adversely affecting the liquidity of such Notes. 
Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid and Holders 
should be prepared to hold the Notes to maturity. 
The Issue Price may be greater than the market value of the Notes 
The Issue Price specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may be more than the market value of the 
Notes as at the Issue Date, and the price, if any, at which a dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the 
Notes in secondary market transactions is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price may 
take into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Notes as well as 
subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs as well as amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to 
exclude such amounts. Any difference between the issue price and/or offer price may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, 
where any such amounts, fees and costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the 
initial investor in the secondary market. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are offered by the Issuer to the public directly on the secondary market in connection 
with any listing of the Notes, the profit of the Notes for investors may be reduced taking into account that the 
purchase price of the Notes on the secondary market may be different from the Issue Price.  
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, all the Notes will be redeemed where any investor fails to pay 
any subsequent instalment of the issue price 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. A failure by any investor 
to pay any instalment of the issue price in respect of the Notes held by such investor will result in all the Notes 
being redeemed even if all other investors have paid the relevant instalment.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer.  
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied specifically by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain where the

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 16 - 
Issuer is incorporated and are tax residents of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may in certain circumstances redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In the 
case of an Inflation Linked Note, if an Additional Disruption Event occurs and "Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event" is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes early. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments, redemption at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons will be subject to the prior consent of 
the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant 
time. See more detail in "–The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed 
prior to maturity upon the occurrence of a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event" below. 
Likewise, if Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Issuer will have the option to redeem (in whole but not in part), on any date that is an Interest Payment Date, a 
specific Series of Notes if a specific percentage, as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Series have previously been redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, as further described in Condition 6(d). 
Early redemption features are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there is any 
actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not a circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem Notes for any 
reason pursuant to the Conditions will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect 
to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or 
any prior consent of the competent authority, if required, will be given. The Issuer may be expected to redeem the 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, as set out above, an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Any change in the Underlying Transactions or their market value may materially adversely affect the Buy-
Back Price payable in respect of Notes in relation to which the Specific Buy-Back Provisions apply 
If the Specific Buy-Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, investors 
should be aware that Banco Santander, S.A. is not required to, but may at its option, maintain certain notional 
Underlying Transactions (as defined in Condition 6(m) (Specific Buy-Back Provisions) from time to time. In the 
event that the Notes are bought-back by the Issuer prior to their scheduled Maturity Date in accordance with the 
Specific Buy-Back Provisions, the price of the Notes shall reflect and shall be determined taking into 
consideration, but will not necessarily be the same as, the Market Value (as defined in Condition 6(m) (Specific 
Buy-Back Provisions) of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Underlying Transactions, if any, will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
and may be subject to change during the term of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to maintain 
Underlying Transactions at any time, in which case the Issuer will not be able to buy back Notes in accordance 
with the Specific Buy-Back Provisions, although the Issuer may, at its option, purchase Notes at amounts other 
than the Buy-Back Price at any time. Any Underlying Transactions which are maintained at any time will, in any 
event, be notional transactions and the Issuer will not be required to maintain any actual transactions 
corresponding to Underlying Transactions. Any Underlying Transactions may have term(s) (or equivalent) which 
end prior to, on or after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) (or equivalent) that may be equal 
to or higher than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. Information relating to the relevant Underlying 
Transactions (if any) will be made available to investors in accordance with the method of publication specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 17 - 
In the event that an investor requests that the Issuer buy-back any such Notes held by it prior to their maturity, 
and the Issuer accepts such request, the price of the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be determined in a 
commercially reasonable manner by Banco Santander, S.A., acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, taking 
into consideration but will not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. Any 
change in the Underlying Transactions and the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions may therefore 
materially adversely affect the Buy-Back Price payable to the relevant investor, particularly where the Underlying 
Transactions have term(s) which end after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) that are higher 
than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section for further information. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates  
The market value of Notes which are issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Exchange rates will affect the calculation of the FX Factor 
The FX Factor, where the Applicable Transaction Terms states that it applies, reflects the performance of the 
Specified Currency and the FX Value Reference Currency (or, where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note provisions apply, the Base Currency and Subject Currency) during the life of the Notes and will be applied 
to the calculation of certain amounts under the Notes. An investor is therefore directly exposed to the performance 
of such currencies. Where such performance is adverse this may result in an overall loss to an investor. 
Risks relating to a Payment Disruption Event 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms states that Payment Disruption Event applies, if a disruption event 
occurs which prohibits or prevents the Issuer from making a payment in respect of the Notes, such payment will 
be postponed to the earlier of: (i) a date falling 2 business days after the date on which such disruption event is no 
longer occurring or (ii) a date falling 60 calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant 
amount, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue 
and no event of default will result on account of such postponement. In the event the payment is postponed in 
accordance with (ii) above, the Issuer shall make payment of the relevant amount in U.S. Dollars, using an 
exchange rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent. As such, investors should note that they may be paid in 
a currency that is different from their investment and which may negatively impact the return on their investment.  
2. 
Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors may lose some or all of the original investment amount 
The amount payable to Holders on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than expected, 
depending on the performance of the Reference Item. 
In order to realise a return upon an investment in the Reference Item Linked Notes, an investor must have correctly 
anticipated the timing and magnitude of an anticipated increase or the absence of a decrease in the value of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes relative to the Issue Price and must also be correct about when any change will 
occur. If the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes does not increase, or decrease, as the case may be, before 
such Reference Item Linked Notes are redeemed, part of the investor's investment in such Reference Item Linked 
Notes may be lost on such redemption. Other than in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes which are 
redeemable prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, the only means by which a Noteholder can 
realise value from its Reference Item Linked Notes prior to their Maturity Date is to sell such Reference Item 
Linked Notes at their then market price in the secondary market (if available).   
Notes that are linked to a reference item and/or the obligations of a Reference Entity (as defined below) may be 
principal (or capital) protected or non-principal (or capital) protected at maturity. Investors in Notes which are not 
principal (or capital) protected may risk losing their entire investment (including the loss of any transaction costs 
paid by the investor) if the value of the reference item and/or obligation of a Reference Entity does not move in 
the anticipated direction. If the Notes are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as having a minimum 
redemption amount, such Notes are principal (or capital) protected at maturity only and only to such extent. If

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 18 - 
Notes are redeemed or sold before their scheduled maturity or expiration, they may return less than the minimum 
redemption amount, the amount invested or even zero. In addition amounts payable may be subject to deductions 
for taxes or expenses. 
Investors should note that certain Notes linked to the performance of the reference items or obligations of the 
Reference Entity, as the case may be, may not benefit from a minimum redemption amount or minimum cash 
settlement amount and investors may receive a cash amount the value of which may be less than the initial 
investment amount of the Notes and investors are exposed to the full loss of their investment (including the loss 
of any transaction costs paid by the investor). 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant underlying will affect the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant Reference Item will affect the value of Reference Item Linked Notes. 
Fluctuations in the value of the currency or currencies in or to which the Reference Item Linked Notes or the 
Reference Item itself are denominated or linked will also affect the value of such Reference Item Linked Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Reference Item Linked Notes generally include adjustment and early redemption 
provisions and other terms which along with general market conditions and the financial condition of the 
underlying reference may affect the amounts due and payable under such Reference Item Linked Notes and/or 
their Maturity Date. In these cases the Reference Item Linked Notes may be affected and may, in some cases, 
result in the Reference Item Linked Notes being redeemed early which may negatively impact the return to 
investors.  
Many factors may adversely affect the value and trading price of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Reference Item Linked Notes pose risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Reference Item 
Linked Notes varies with the price and is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's 
control, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
market interest rates; 
(ii) 
exposure to the performance of the Reference Item (and, in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, indirect 
exposure to the performance of the Inflation Index components); 
(iii) 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
(iv) 
fluctuations in commodities prices; 
(v) 
the liquidity of the Reference Item Linked Notes or any reference item(s) in the secondary market; 
(vi) 
the market price of the Reference Item Linked Notes, which may be volatile; 
(vii) 
if Reference Item Linked Notes reference a Reference Item's performance in conjunction with a 
multiplier greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant 
Reference Item on principal or interest payable on such Reference Item Linked Notes is likely to be 
magnified; 
(viii) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; and 
(ix) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which the Reference Item Linked Notes may be traded. 
The effects of one or a combination of these factors may mean that a Noteholder will not be able to sell any 
Reference Item Linked Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to or greater than the market value of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes on the Issue Date and such Holder may only be able to sell Reference Item Linked Notes at a 
discount, which may be substantial. 
Reference Item Linked Notes are not ordinary debt securities 
The terms of Reference Item Linked Notes differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Reference 
Item Linked Notes may not pay interest on maturity, depending on the performance of the relevant underlying 
Reference Item. The price of Reference Item Linked Notes may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise, and the 
return investors receive on Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than expected.

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 19 - 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretion and may take action which affects the relevant underlying 
reference item and/or the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors should note that, in exercising its duties in relation to Reference Item Linked Notes, the Calculation 
Agent may have considerable discretion in relation to certain matters which may affect amounts due and payable 
under the Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date including (without limitation) the replacement 
of an underlying asset, modification of amounts otherwise payable on redemption or determining the closing price 
and/or potential early redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as it considers appropriate as a consequence of certain 
corporate actions affecting the relevant underlying asset. In making these adjustments, the Calculation Agent is 
entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest, including the conflicts of 
interest highlighted above, in exercising this discretion.  
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that the Issuer is under no obligation to hold a position in any Reference 
Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer will not be held by the 
Issuer for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, Noteholders will not obtain any rights of 
ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions 
or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such Notes. 
The past performance of a Reference Item is not indicative of future performance 
There is a risk that Reference Items perform differently than in the past and consequently any information about 
the past performance of the Reference Item at the time of the issuance of the Notes should not be regarded as 
indicative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Reference Item that may occur in the future.  
Switchable Notes may result in materially lower investment returns 
If, in relation to a Series of Notes, interest rate payout formula "Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable" applies or 
final payout formula "Redemption (xix)" "Switchable" applies (such Notes being "Switchable Notes"), the Issuer 
has a right to exercise the "Switch Condition", which will change the basis on which the interest rate payout and/or 
final payout (as applicable) are determined by delivering a notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) a specified number of Business Days prior to a relevant Valuation Date (see also the definition of 
"Switch Condition" in Payout Condition 4.4 (Conditional Conditions) (as completed by the Applicable 
Transaction Terms)). The Issuer may exercise this right in its sole and absolute discretion. If the Issuer exercises 
the Switch Condition, the way in which the interest rate payouts and/or the final payout (as applicable) are 
determined will change. These changes may be detrimental to investors and could result in materially lower 
investment returns.  
Hedging activities may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
In connection with the offering of the Reference Item Linked Notes, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may 
enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to any potential reference item(s) or related derivatives. 
In connection with such hedging activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into transactions in the reference item(s) 
or related derivatives which may, but are not intended to, affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interest of the relevant Noteholders. 
Hedging transactions by the Issuer may affect the return on Reference Item Linked Notes 
The Issuer may use a portion or all of the total proceeds from the issue of the Notes for transactions to hedge the 
risks of the Issuer relating to Reference Item Linked Notes. In such case, the Issuer may conclude transactions 
that correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the Reference Item Linked Notes. As a rule, such transactions 
are concluded prior to or on the Issue Date, but it is also possible to conclude such transactions after issue of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes. On or before a valuation date, the Issuer or its affiliates may take the steps necessary 
for closing out any hedging transactions. The price, level or value of a relevant underlying component, index or 
other underlying, or the portfolio of which an underlying forms a part, may be influenced by such transactions. 
Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions may also influence the probability of occurrence or 
non-occurrence of determining events in the case of Reference Item Linked Notes with a value based on the

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 20 - 
occurrence of a certain event in relation to a relevant underlying, or the portfolio of which an underlying forms a 
part, which may in turn adversely affect the return (if any) received by investors. 
Conflicts of interest between the Issuer and its affiliates and the Noteholders 
The Issuer and its affiliates may: 
(i) 
engage in trading and market-making activities and hold long or short positions in the relevant reference 
item(s) and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the relevant reference item(s) 
for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management; 
(ii) 
issue Reference Item Linked Notes in respect of the relevant reference item(s) which are securities, or 
issue derivative instruments in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
serve as issuer, agent, manager or underwriter of such securities or other instruments; 
(iv) 
act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of securities which comprise the reference items; 
and 
(v) 
act as financial advisers to certain underlying companies or reference entities.  
The Issuer's and its affiliates' interests with respect to such securities, instruments and products may be adverse to 
those of the Noteholders and such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices 
of such reference items and could adversely affect the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential 
conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with an issue of Notes, as any distributors or other entities 
involved in the offer and/or the listing of such Notes, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can 
receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
Additionally, if acting as calculation agent for Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more securities or indices, 
the Issuer will determine the payout to the investor at maturity. The Issuer and their affiliates may also carry out 
hedging activities related to any Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more securities or indices, including 
trading in the underlying securities and/or indices, as well as in other instruments related to the underlying 
securities and/or indices. The Issuer and their affiliates may also trade the applicable underlying securities and/or 
indices and other financial instruments related to the underlying securities and/or indices on a regular basis as part 
of their general broker-dealer and other businesses. Any of these activities could influence the Calculation Agent's 
determination of adjustments made to any Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more securities and/or indices 
and any such trading activity could potentially affect the price, level or value of the underlying securities and/or 
indices, which accordingly, could affect the investor's payout on any Inflation Linked Notes. 
3. 
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Risks Relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
The value of Inflation Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by unpredictable factors beyond the Issuer's 
control 
The value of the Inflation Linked Notes linked to one or more Inflation Index(ices) (as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions of Inflation Linked Notes) may be substantially reduced by several factors beyond the 
Issuer's control including: 
1. 
Valuation of the relevant underlying component(s). The market price or value of an Inflation Linked 
Note at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the price, level or value of an Inflation 
Index or any relevant underlying component of the Inflation Index to which the Inflation Linked Notes 
are linked. As a consequence, the value of an Inflation Index may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in prices or inflation indices more generally. It is impossible to 
predict how the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying component will 
vary over time. The historical performance value (if any) of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying 
component does not indicate the future performance of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying 
component. Factors which may have an effect on the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any 
relevant underlying component include the rate of return of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying 
component and where relevant, the value of the applicable underlying Inflation Index, or basket of 
Inflation Indices. In addition, the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 21 - 
component may depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political 
events and their effect on the capital markets generally and relevant stock exchanges. Potential investors 
should also note that while the value of the Inflation Linked Notes is linked to an Inflation Index (or 
Inflation Indices) and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by the Inflation Index (or Inflation 
Indices), any change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is possible that while an 
Inflation Index or any relevant underlying component is increasing in value, the value of the Inflation 
Linked Notes may fall. Further, the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Inflation Linked Notes will 
allow the Calculation Agent to make adjustments or take any other appropriate action if circumstances 
occur where the Inflation Linked Notes or any exchanges or price sources are affected by market 
disruption, adjustment events or circumstances affecting normal activities; 
2. 
Volatility. The term "volatility" refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude of changes 
of the market price, level or value with respect to an Inflation Index or a relevant underlying component. 
Volatility is affected by a number of factors, such as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic factors 
which have broad economic effects), speculative trading and supply and demand in the options, futures 
and other derivatives markets. Volatility of an Inflation Index or a relevant underlying component will 
move up and down over time (sometimes more sharply than at other times) and different inflation indices 
or relevant underlying components will most likely have separate volatilities at any particular time; 
3. 
Interest rates. Investments in the Inflation Linked Notes may involve interest rate risk. The interest rate 
level may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Inflation Linked Notes to change on a 
daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes of the market 
interest rate level. In general, the effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates increase; 
4. 
Remaining term. Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of Inflation Linked Notes will 
decrease as the maturity, date approaches. However, this reduction in the effect of pricing factors will 
not necessarily develop consistently up until the maturity date, but may undergo temporary acceleration 
and/or deceleration. Even if the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying 
component rises or falls there may be a reduction or increase, as the case may be, in the value of Inflation 
Linked Notes due to the other value determining factors. Given that the term of Inflation Linked Notes 
is limited, investors cannot rely on the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any relevant 
underlying component or the value of the Inflation Linked Notes recovering again prior to maturity; 
5. 
Creditworthiness. Investors are relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and have no rights against 
any other person. If the Issuer becomes insolvent, investors may suffer potential loss of their entire 
investment irrespective of any favourable development of the other value determining factors, such as 
an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying component; and 
6. 
Exchange Rates. The value of Inflation Linked Notes could, in certain circumstances, be affected by such 
factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency in which any payment in respect of 
the Inflation Linked Notes is to be made and any currency in which an Inflation Index or any relevant 
underlying component is quoted, appreciation or depreciation of any such currencies and any existing or 
future or governmental or other restrictions on the exchangeability of such currencies. Rates of exchange 
between any relevant currencies which are current rates at the date of issue of the Inflation Linked Notes 
may not be representative of the relevant rates of exchange used in computing the value of the Inflation 
Linked Notes at any time thereafter. 
7. 
Timing of changes to the Inflation Index or the relevant component(s) of an Inflation Index. The timing 
of changes in an Inflation Index or a relevant component(s) of an Inflation Index may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the Inflation Index or the relevant component(s) of an Inflation Index, the greater the effect 
on yield. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price that investors will receive if an investor sells its Inflation 
Linked Notes prior to maturity. Investors may have to sell certain Inflation Linked Notes at a substantial discount 
from the principal amount or investment amount if the market price, level or value of the applicable Inflation 
Index (or Inflation Indices) is at, below, or not sufficiently above the initial market price, level or value or if 
market interest rates rise. The secondary market price of the Inflation Linked Notes may be lower than the market 
value of the issued Inflation Linked Notes as at the Issue Date to take into account, among other things, amounts 
paid to distributors and other intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the Inflation Linked Notes and 
amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations. As a result of all of these factors, any investor that sells

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 22 - 
the Inflation Linked Notes before the stated expiration or maturity date, may receive an amount in the secondary 
market which may be less than the then intrinsic market value of the Inflation Linked Notes and which may also 
be less than the amount the investor would have received had the investor held the Inflation Linked Notes through 
to maturity. 
Market Disruption Events and Disrupted Days may result in adjustments and/or early redemption of Notes 
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event or a failure to open of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential postponement of 
such date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation Linked Notes. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to Inflation Linked Notes to account for relevant 
adjustments or events in relation to an Inflation Index including, but not limited to, determining a successor to the 
relevant Inflation Index. In addition, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Inflation Linked Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date following any such event. In this case, in relation to each Inflation Linked Note, the 
Issuer will pay an amount, if any, determined as provided in the Terms and Conditions. 
There may be correlation risk in the use of Inflation Linked Notes as hedging instruments 
Any person intending to use Inflation Linked Notes as a hedging instrument should recognise the "correlation 
risk" of doing this. Correlation risk is the potential differences in exposure for a potential investor that may arise 
from the ownership of more than one financial instrument. Inflation Linked Notes may not hedge exactly an 
Inflation Index or any relevant underlying component or portfolio of which an Inflation Index or any relevant 
component forms a part. In addition, it may not be possible to liquidate Inflation Linked Notes at a price which 
directly reflects the price, level or value of an Inflation Index or any relevant underlying component or portfolio 
of which an Inflation Index or any underlying component forms part. Potential investors should not rely on the 
ability to conclude transactions during the term of the Inflation Linked Notes to offset or limit the relevant risks. 
This depends on the market situation and the specific relevant underlying asset conditions. It is possible that such 
transactions will only be concluded at an unfavourable market price, resulting in a corresponding loss for the 
Noteholder. 
Liquidity may affect the pricing of the relevant underlying Inflation Index which may affect the value of the 
Inflation Linked Notes 
The Issuer's and its affiliates' hedging costs tend to be higher the less liquidity the relevant underlying Inflation 
Index has or the greater the difference between the "buy" and "sell" prices for the relevant underlying Inflation 
Index or derivatives contracts referenced to the relevant underlying Inflation Index. When quoting prices for 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Issuer will factor in such hedging costs and will pass them on to the Noteholders by 
incorporating them into the "buy" and "sell" prices. Thus, Noteholders selling their Inflation Linked Notes on an 
exchange or on the over-the-counter market may be doing so at a price that is substantially lower than the actual 
value of the Inflation Linked Notes at the time of sale. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Inflation Linked Notes 
Investors in an Inflation Linked Note denominated in, or the return on which is linked to an Inflation Index 
denominated in currencies other than an investor's home currency are exposed to the risk of significant changes 
in rates of exchange between its home currency and the other relevant currencies and the possibility of the 
imposition or modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental authorities. These risks generally 
depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. Depreciation against the investor's 
home currency or the currency of the return on an Inflation Linked Note would result in a decrease in the effective 
yield of the Inflation Linked Note below its coupon rate and could result in an overall loss to an investor on the 
basis of the investor's home currency. 
In addition, investors in UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes, UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes or UF Inflation-Adjusted 
Notes should understand that the payments in respect of such Notes are adjusted by reference to the UVR Index, 
UDI Index or UF Index, as applicable, in effect on the applicable payment date and so the return for investors is 
exposed to fluctuations in the relevant rate. In addition if certain changes are made in relation to such rate and 
other factors then the Calculation Agent is entitled to determine consequential adjustments to the Conditions or to 
determine that the Notes will be repayable at the Early Redemption Amount. In either case this means that 
investors will be exposed to the risk that such changes to the relevant rate occur and this may reduce the return on 
the Notes for investors.

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 23 - 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
 
Movements in the foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked 
may adversely affect the value of and return on the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable in respect of the Notes are 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be 
different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes"). 
Accordingly an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct 
foreign exchange investment. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment return 
on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies 
in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, 
alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or 
imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect 
exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the currency of an 
emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see "Risks in relation to emerging market currencies" 
below. 
In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change 
in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and 
are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified.  
The occurrence of disruption events may result in the restriction or variation of payments and other obligations 
under the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Notes. 
A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to the inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate 
from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject Currency 
that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the prices quoted 
for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not quoted for by 
members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms.   
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Notes may be 
redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather 
than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the related 
date for payment may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback reference price 
source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. Consequently, 
investors are exposed to the risk of an adverse effect on (i) the value of, and/or amounts due in respect of, the 
Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption event and application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an 
investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans if any due date for payment under the Notes is postponed as a 
consequence of a disruption event.

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 24 - 
Risks in relation to emerging market currencies 
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currency, amounts determined to be due in respect of such Notes may be significantly more volatile and subject 
to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to currencies of more developed markets. For 
example, emerging markets' currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis occurring in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of the Subject Currencies and 
Base Currencies (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant exchange rate(s) (such as 
through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental action which changes or 
interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic 
forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement across borders). 
Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange rates (such as 
through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy and stock 
exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and expropriation of 
assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international 
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), 
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with 
countries with which they trade.  
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and 
amounts due, or the date for payment thereunder. 
4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Transfers of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals will be null and void 
The sale, transfer or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined in Condition 8 of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are 
tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes 
to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes, and Spanish 
Individuals who are Noteholders may lose all or a substantial part of their investment on such Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
any such "benchmarks" 
A number of interest rates and other published values, indices which are "benchmarks", (including the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of indices 
such as indices comprised of interest rates, equities, funds, foreign exchange rates and combinations thereof) are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and mostly applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The 
Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed), subject to certain transitional provisions. There are proposals to reform the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
(and significantly narrow the range of benchmarks to which it applies), but these changes are not in agreed form 
and are not expected to apply until 2026. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 25 - 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, subject to certain transitional provisions, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, and inflation indices, will in most cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable 
under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU or UK regulated market, 
EU or UK multilateral trading facility, EU or UK organised trading facility or via a systematic internaliser). 
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank 
Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to take the place of such IBORs 
as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR (now ceased other than 3-month synthetic sterling 
LIBOR, expected to continue until the end of March 2024), a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA"), as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) for EONIA (now ceased) and EURIBOR, a Euro 
Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the primary euro risk free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR (now ceased other than 1, 
3 and 6 month synthetic USD LIBOR, expected to continue until September 2024), the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different 
methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they have or will replace and have a limited 
historical track record and may be subject to changes in their methodology. Any of these developments could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on Notes linked to any such rates. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. As a consequence, if these new rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of Notes that reference such rates may be lower than those of securities linked to rates that are more 
widely used. Investors may not be able to sell Notes that reference risk free rates at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EONIA and CHF LIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority in certain circumstances, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes) which contain no 
fall-back provision or no suitable fall-back provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-
representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the 
statutory replacement where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument 
have agreed to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing 
act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or 
may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2025. 
Notes that reference SOFR 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 26 - 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee 
that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that 
change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on such Notes 
that reference SOFR and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
Constant Maturity Swap Rates (CMS Rates) 
In addition to referencing IBOR rates for purposes of the Notes, the Issuer may reference swap rates, such as 
constant maturity swaps or "CMS" rates. A number of swap rates that were previously based on swaps linked to 
an IBOR rate have now ceased and been replaced by swap rates based on swaps linked to a "risk free rate" (for 
example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate). However, there is uncertainty as to how 
these new swap rates will perform (see "IBOR-based swap rates" below). Some swap rates are still linked to an 
IBOR rate (for example, the EUR ICE Swap Rate based on swaps linked to EURIBOR). Generally these are likely 
to become unavailable if the related IBOR rates were to become non-representative. 
Constant Maturity Treasury Rates (CMT Rates) 
The Notes may also reference U.S. Dollar Constant Maturity Treasury Rates of different maturities (known as 
"CMT Rates"). If there is a temporary non-publication of the CMT Rate, the rate that is used to determine amounts 
payable under the Notes may be different to what is expected. If the Notes reference a CMT Rate, such rate will 
constitute a Reference Rate. Investors should be aware that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of the 
CMT Rate (see "Reference Rate Event" below). 
General Administration Benchmark Event 
In addition, under the terms of the Notes a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the 
following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled, (2)(i) the 
relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the 
benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is 
rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is 
suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased licence costs or (4) a regulatory supervisor 
announces the benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date, will no longer be, representative of any 
relevant underlying market(s). The occurrence of a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause the Issuer 
to adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes or early redeem the Notes. 
The Issuer has a wide discretion in making any adjustments following a General Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Such adjustments may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to 
the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, adjustments to reflect increased 
costs. Such adjustments may result in payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, 
the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its 
original form and used for the purposes of the Notes.  
It is possible that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance 
of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it 
has determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
Reference Rate Event 
A Reference Rate Event may arise if, among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: 
(1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, is rejected or refused or is withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark 
or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not included in or is removed from an official register or does 
not fulfil any required legal or regulatory requirement, (iii) there is an official announcement that the administrator 
of the relevant benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate and there is no successor 
administrator, (iv) the relevant benchmark is no longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no 
longer be representative of any relevant underlying market and economic reality that it is intended to measure or 
(v) any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event".

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 27 - 
For any Notes that use a Reference Rate and where ISDA Determination and 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Priority Fallback following a Reference Rate Event may refer to actions 
that would be taken for a Floating Rate under an interest rate swap incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement") includes fallbacks 
which will replace any Floating Rate that is a Relevant IBOR in circumstances broadly similar to a Reference 
Rate Event: in broad terms a permanent cessation of that Relevant IBOR. The ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement 
also includes fallbacks in the event that a Relevant IBOR is temporarily unavailable. "Relevant IBORs" (some 
of which have already ceased, or are expected to cease in the near term), include EURIBOR, TIBOR, BBSW, 
CDOR, HIBOR, SOR, and THBFIX. Once the relevant trigger event takes effect, the Floating Rate will fall back 
to a term adjusted risk-free rate for the relevant currency plus a spread. It should be noted that the ISDA IBORs 
Fallbacks Supplement will not cover all possible Floating Rates and this risk factor should be read accordingly.  
Where ISDA Determination and 2021 ISDA Definitions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
fallbacks are specified for all Floating Rates that are included in the Floating Rate Matrix (each as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions (the "2021 Definitions)) to replace the relevant Floating Rate 
upon a permanent cessation of such Floating Rate and/or an announcement that such Floating Rate is no longer 
representative.  Such fallbacks will result in either: (a) the relevant Floating Rate being replaced with a specified 
alternative rate set out in the 2021 Definitions; or (b) in circumstances where the 2021 Definitions would otherwise 
provide for the application of certain 'Generic Fallback Provisions' or 'Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallbacks', 
these events being subject to the consequences of a Reference Rate Event. 
Where ISDA Determination and 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that if one of more Priority 
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of the relevant Floating Rate Option, then if a Reference Rate Cessation 
has occurred, where ISDA Determination applies the fallbacks in the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement shall 
apply, unless the Calculation Agent determines that (i) such application and/or any related adjustments would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders, or (ii) it would be impracticable 
to apply the Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, in which case the alternative 
fallback provisions set out in the Conditions shall apply.  
In the event that one particular tenor of a Relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued, then for so long as there is 
a longer and a shorter tenor still available, no trigger event will occur. Instead, the Floating Rate will be determined 
by interpolating between the next shortest and next longest tenors. If there are no shorter or no longer tenors 
available, then the rate will fall back to a term-adjusted risk-free rate plus a spread. 
Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made under the Notes if the previous rate had continued being 
published in its current form. Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, risk-free 
rates are overnight rates, in their term versions are normally compounded in arrears as backward-looking rates 
and are intended to be nearly risk-free. As such, investors should be aware that the fallback rates that will apply 
following a trigger event under the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for the Notes. 
The absence of bank credit risk in the risk-free rates may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Both 
the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement and the 2021 Definitions provide that the applicable risk-free rates will be 
term-adjusted and there will be an adjustment spread applied which may be positive, negative or zero. This is 
intended to reduce any transfer of economic value due to the absence of a bank credit risk premium in the 
replacement risk-free rate. However, if such adjustment spread is negative, it will mean a lower rate of interest is 
payable. Even where such adjustment spread is positive, there can be no assurance that the adjustment spread will 
fully mitigate the transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Noteholders and the adjustment spread is not 
intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, where fallbacks based on the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks 
Supplement or the 2021 Definitions do not apply, the Calculation Agent will seek to determine (i) a replacement 
reference rate and (ii) the related adjustment spread required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate. If 
it determines the replacement reference rate and related adjustment spread, it may also determine such other 
amendments which it considers necessary or appropriate in order to replace the Reference Rate with the 
replacement reference rate and the terms and conditions shall be amended as of the cut-off date, being (A) the 
later of the date on which the Reference Rate ceases or becomes non-representative or 60 business days following

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 28 - 
the date of the relevant announcement or publication or (B) the later of the Issue Date and either (I) 60 business 
days following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event has occurred or (II) the 
date on which any material change or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate becomes effective or the date 
following any non-approval, rejection or suspension of any authorisation, registration or similar requirement on 
which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity would not be permitted to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes, as applicable. 
Any replacement reference rate shall be either a pre-nominated reference rate specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such rate is specified, either (a) a replacement reference rate which is formally 
designated by a relevant central bank or other supervisory authority or the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
(b) a replacement reference rate that the Calculation Agent determines has been recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, or (c) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is no such rate, any other replacement reference rate which it determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative. Any such replacement reference rate may be a "risk free rate". If the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement reference 
rate and/or adjustment spread and related amendments or to make required amendments following a Benchmark 
Modification or if it is or would be unlawful or contrary to any applicable licence for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to perform the relevant actions or an adjustment spread would subject the Issuer or Calculation Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations or any required adjustments would not achieve a commercially 
reasonable result for the Issuer or the Noteholders, in each case, prior to the cut-off date, the Issuer shall early 
redeem the Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event but prior to the cut-off date, the Reference Rate may continue 
to be used for the purposes of the Notes if it is still available and representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality it is intended to measure and the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is permitted to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. Otherwise, the level of the Reference Rate will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent either by reference to a previously published level or by reference to an industry standard 
or other commercially reasonable rate, index or benchmark determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent has a wide discretion in making any amendments following the occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Event. As described above, such amendments may include selecting one or more replacement reference rates 
and making related amendments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, 
amendments to reflect, among other things, increased costs. Such amendments may result in payments that are 
lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes 
if the original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the purposes of the Notes. 
It is possible that a Reference Rate Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of action being 
appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it has determined 
the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
In addition, investors in Notes linked to Reference Rates should be aware that: 
• 
the composition and characteristics of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate will not be the same as those of the Reference Rate which it replaces, nor will 
it be the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate, and there can be no assurance that it will perform 
in the same way as such Reference Rate would have or that it will be a comparable substitute for such 
Reference Rate. Therefore, the replacement of the Reference Rate with a pre-nominated replacement 
reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, 
the return on the Notes and the price at which a Noteholder would be able to sell such Notes;  
• 
the failure of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate 
to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes; 
• 
any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may have a 
very limited history and its future performance cannot be predicted based on historical performance; 
• 
the secondary trading market for Notes linked to any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or 
otherwise the replacement reference rate may be limited; and

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 29 - 
• 
the administrator of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference 
rate may discontinue such rate or make changes that could change its value and the administrator has no 
obligation to consider any holder's interests in doing so. 
Consequently, potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that the Reference 
Rate may be replaced, or the Notes may be early redeemed, in each case, without the consent of Noteholders. 
IBOR-based swap rates 
Following a Reference Rate Cessation in respect of a Reference Rate that is an IBOR swap rate, the Calculation 
Agent may be required to identify a Replacement Reference Rate that the Issuer determines has been recognised 
or acknowledged as being an industry standard for transactions which reference such IBOR swap rate (or if there 
is no industry standard that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, then the Calculation Agent shall select any other 
interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source it determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative). 
Potential investors should be aware that more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible 
the Calculation Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate. It is impossible to predict the effect of any 
such replacements on the value of the Notes. Additionally, even where administrators have published new swap 
rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate and the USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate, there 
can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard, 
and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the 
outcomes of determinations by the Calculation Agent may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the 
Calculation Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no 
assurance that the characteristics of any replacement rate will be similar to the relevant IBOR swap rate, or that 
the replacement rate will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant IBOR swap rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms identifies that the Reference Rate will be determined by reference to 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the Reference Rate will be 
determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate unless Index Determination is specified as applicable. 
Prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be aware that the market continues 
to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as 
an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, and EONIA and EURIBOR respectively.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR that are issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA-, SOFR- or €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme. The nascent development of 
compounded daily SONIA, SOFR and €STR as interest reference rates for the capital markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-, SOFR- and €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA-, SOFR-, or €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Interest Rate on Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as applicable, will be determined using the fallback 
provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments 
that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the 
Notes if the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate had been so published. 
Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value 
of any Notes 
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 
November, implementing Law 11/2015 ("Royal Decree 1012/2015")) is designed to provide authorities with tools 
to intervene in unsound or failing credit institutions or investment firms ("institutions") to ensure the continuity 
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of an institution's failure 
on the economy and financial system. The BRRD further provides that any extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools is only to be used by a Member State as a last resort, after having 
assessed the resolution tools set out below to the maximum extent possible while maintaining financial stability.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 30 - 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or 
any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that 
an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that institution's 
control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) considers that (a) an institution is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the 
institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a "bridge institution" (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problematic assets to one or more publicly owned asset management 
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly 
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in by which the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This includes the ability of the 
Relevant Resolution authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or other securities 
or obligations (which equity, securities or obligations could also be subject to any future application of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims (including Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and subordinated obligations. 
The "Spanish Bail-in Power" is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not limited to 
(i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended from time to time, (iii) 
the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or standards made in 
connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligations of an institution can be reduced, cancelled, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such institution or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power, the sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall be as 
follows: (i) CET1 instruments; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; (iii) the principal amount 
of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims that do not qualify as Additional Tier 
1 capital or Tier 2 capital; and (v) the principal or outstanding amount of the other bail-inable liabilities prescribed 
in Article 41 of Law 11/2015. Any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings with "non-preferred" senior claims 
subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated claims against the Issuer but before the other senior 
claims against the Issuer). 
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide 
for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write-down (including to zero) or 
convert into equity capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an 
institution or a group of which the institution forms part (the "Non-Viability Loss Absorption"). The point of 
non-viability of an institution is the point at which the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria ("FROB"), the 
Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of the Bail-in Power from time to time (each, a "Relevant Resolution 
Authority") as appropriate, determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution, or that it will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or converted into equity, or that 
extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the Relevant Resolution Authority 
determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at 
which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the group, in the near 
future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 31 - 
imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or 
power (where the conditions for resolution referred to above are met). 
Condition 20 provides for the contractual recognition by the Noteholders of the Bail-in Powers and the 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption. 
Under Article 281 of Spanish Insolvency Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (as amended, the "Insolvency Law") read in conjunction with 
Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payment in full of 
unsubordinated claims, but before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each 
class: (i) late or incorrect claims; (ii) contractually subordinated liabilities in respect of principal (except for those 
under instruments of the Issuer that qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital); (iii) interest (including 
accrued and unpaid interest due on the Notes; (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the 
Issuer (if applicable) as provided for under the Insolvency Law; (vi) detrimental claims against the Issuer where 
a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted in bad faith (rescission concursal); (vii) claims 
arising from contracts with reciprocal obligations as referred to in Articles 156 to 158 and 160 to 167 of the 
Insolvency Law, wherever the court rules, prior to the administrators’ report of insolvency (administración 
concursal) that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the insolvency; 
(viii) subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital 
and (ix) subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under instruments qualifying as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital. 
In addition, second paragraph of Article 48(7) of BRRD, as implemented in Spain through Additional Provision 
14.3 of Law 11/2015, clarified that if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds instrument, the 
whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds instrument and shall rank 
lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds instrument. Any application of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power and the Non-Viability Loss Absorption shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings (unless otherwise provided by Applicable Banking Regulations (as such term is defined 
in the Conditions)). Accordingly, the impact of such application on Noteholders will depend on the ranking of the 
relevant Notes in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors.  
In accordance with Article 64.1.(i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings and 
the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment 
for a temporary period). 
The powers set out in the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, 
the rights of creditors. Noteholders may be subject to write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity on 
any application of the Bail-in Power, which may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 
The exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities subject to the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or the Non- Viability Loss Absorption of the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, 
Noteholders may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to exercise its Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non- Viability Loss Absorption. 
There remains uncertainty as to how or when the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
may be exercised and how it would affect the Group and the Notes. The determination that all or part of the 
principal amount of the Notes will be subject to loss absorption is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the institution's control. Although there are proposed pre-
conditions for the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, there remains 
uncertainty regarding the specific factors which the Relevant Resolution Authority would consider in deciding 
whether to exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption with respect to the financial 
institution and/or securities issued or guaranteed by that institution. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution 
Authority will retain an element of discretion, Noteholders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria 
in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and/or the Non-Viability Loss

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 32 - 
Absorption. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any 
such powers may occur which would result in a principal amount write off or conversion to equity. 
The uncertainty may adversely affect the value of Noteholders' investments in the Notes and the price and trading 
behaviour of the Notes may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 
(including any early intervention measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such exercise, even if the 
likelihood of such exercise is remote. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such power 
without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and 
strengthen the European Union's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the "CMDI 
Proposal"). The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation frameworks as well as a separate 
legislative proposal to amend Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 April, on deposit guarantee schemes ("Directive 
2014/49"), all with the aim of preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers' money and providing better 
protection for depositors (including new rules that foresee that all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims 
are preferred). However, the CMDI Proposal is subject to further discussion by the European Parliament and the 
Council and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the 
proposed adjustments and when they will be finally implemented in the European Union.  Therefore, the exact 
impact of these adjustments and the potential effects on the Group cannot be assessed yet. 
If the CMDI Proposal is implemented in its current form, this would mean that the senior preferred claims will 
rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits that are 
currently excluded from such privileged claims. Any such general depositor preference would also impact upon 
any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power, as such application is to be carried out in the order of the hierarchy 
of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, this would mean that following any such amendment 
of the insolvency laws of Spain to establish a general depositor preference, any resulting write-down or conversion 
of the senior preferred claims by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried out before any write-down 
or conversion of the claims of depositors such as those of large corporates that, with the current bail-in regime, 
would have been written-down or converted alongside the senior preferred indebtedness. By removing the 
requirement for such deposits to be written-down or converted in this manner, one of the stated objectives of this 
proposed amendment is to reduce the likelihood of deposits generally needing to be included in any such write-
down or conversion upon any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and improve the process for the application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power. However, this may have the corresponding impact of increasing the likelihood of 
any write-down or conversion of the senior preferred claims. Nevertheless, the exact impact of the CMDI Proposal 
is not know yet given it is still in the form of a legislative proposal and therefore subject to further amendments. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Senior Preferred Notes provide for limited events of default. Noteholders may not be able to exercise their 
rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early intervention or resolution measure under 
Law 11/2015 
Noteholders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, to the extent specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
certain Senior Preferred Notes will have no ability to accelerate the maturity of such Notes. The terms and 
conditions of such Notes do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any 
competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or for its insolvency, winding up or 
liquidation. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on such Notes is not made when due, each Noteholder 
will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on such Notes and as provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions, a right to institute proceedings for the insolvency, winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer. 
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the 
BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, and the SRM 
Regulation if the Issuer or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a 
rapidly deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory 
requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution 
referred to in "Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation" are met.  
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect 
thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit 
the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 33 - 
default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the 
exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021  and Royal Decree 1012/2015 in relation to the 
exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and 
powers referred to above (see "Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions 
and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could 
materially affect the value of any Notes"). 
Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the application of any 
measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, and the SRM 
Regulation. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a Noteholder of any rights it may otherwise have on the 
occurrence of any event of default may be limited in these circumstances.  
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled 
"Legal and Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes qualification as TLAC/MREL Eligible 
Instruments is uncertain and they may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of a TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes may be intended to be TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable Banking Regulations. However, the EU Banking Reforms were implemented 
recently in the Kingdom of Spain and there is uncertainty as to how they will be interpreted and applied and the 
Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes will 
or may be (or thereafter remain) TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event is specified as applicable on the Applicable Transaction Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes. 
The early redemption of the Notes as a consequence of a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event will be subject to 
the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time. 
The EU Banking Reforms (as defined below) provide that the redemption of eligible liabilities prior to the date of 
their contractual maturity is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority. According to the EU 
Banking Reforms, such consent will be given only if one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
earlier than or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the eligible liabilities 
instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements laid down 
in the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD by a margin that the resolution authority in agreement with the 
competent authority considers necessary, or 
(iii) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in CRR and in CRD IV for continuing authorisation. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or certain Senior Preferred Notes will 
or may qualify as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments (see "The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and certain Senior Preferred Notes as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty") or if any 
further change in the laws or regulations of Spain, the Applicable Banking Regulations or in the application or 
official interpretation thereof, or any of the events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 34 - 
in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or certain Senior Preferred Notes, 
and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem such Notes or any prior consent of 
the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, will be given. 
Early redemption features are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there is 
any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
If so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject as provided herein, in particular to the 
provisions of Condition 11, if a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right to 
early redeem the Notes for taxation reasons, occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or (ii) to modify the 
terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, in each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, 
or remain Qualifying Notes. While Qualifying Notes generally must contain terms that are materially no less 
favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any 
Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at 
prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. In the 
case of English Law Notes, any change in the governing law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law, so 
that the Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes, shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to 
the tax position of individual Noteholder or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation for 
individual Noteholder. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution or variation upon individual Noteholder. 
The terms of the Notes may contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, Noteholders 
waive any set-off, netting or compensation rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has, may have or 
acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result, Noteholders will not at any 
time be entitled to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-
preferred obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer in accordance with Additional Provision 
14.2 of Law 11/2015, as amended by the Royal Decree-Law 11/2017 ("RDL 11/2017"). Upon the insolvency of 
the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), (a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions), (b) junior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
and,-accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) under Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (including any 
excluded liabilities under article 72(a)2 of CRR II (as defined below)), and (c) senior to any present and future 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281 of the Insolvency 
Law. In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interests accrued but unpaid under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer will constitute 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law. 
No further interest shall accrue on any Notes from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its deposit obligations (other 
than the deposit obligations qualifying as preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) under Additional

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 35 - 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 which will rank senior), its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial 
contracts and its unsubordinated and unsecured debt securities other than the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
If the Issuer were wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the assets which are available to 
satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other 
creditors ranking ahead of Noteholders, including holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then to satisfy 
claims in respect of principal of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities). 
If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher ranking creditors in full, the claims of the 
Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not be satisfied.  Noteholders will share equally in any 
distribution of assets available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities with 
the creditors under any other Senior Parity Liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full 
payment to all of them. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its bail-inable liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and eligible Senior Preferred Notes) may be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into 
equity securities or other instruments. The sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of bail-inable 
liabilities under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of Law 11/2015 provides for claims to be written-down 
or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency 
legislation. Because the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred liabilities (créditos ordinarios no 
preferentes) the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer under article 281 of the Insolvency Law and before any of the Issuer’s Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
are written down or converted. The Issuer expects that upon insolvency, the payment obligations in respect of 
principal under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would rank pari passu with any obligations in respect of principal 
of any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities or any other securities with the same ranking issued by the Issuer. See 
"Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value 
of any Notes". 
As a consequence, Noteholders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than 
creditors of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their investment 
if the Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and 
Royal Decree 1012/2015) and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the bail-in or 
(ii) insolvent. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The description of the risks inherent to the Issuer and the Group, its businesses and its operations, as well as the 
quantitative information on the different risks, based on data referring to the 2022 and 2021 financial years, and, 
where  appropriate, data referring to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, together with the annual reports 
and financial statements incorporated by reference in this Bae Prospectus are sufficient  for the investors to make 
an informed assessment of the assets, liabilities, profit and loss, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer. 
5. 
Macro-Economic and Political Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The Group's growth, asset quality and profitability, among others, may be adversely affected by a slowdown in 
one or more of the economies in which the Group operates, volatile macroeconomic and political conditions 
and persistent high inflation 
A slowdown or recession of one or more of the economies in which the Group operates could lead major financial 
institutions, including some of the world's largest global commercial banks, investment banks, mortgage lenders, 
mortgage guarantors and insurance companies to experience significant difficulties, including runs on deposits, 
the need for government aid or assistance or the need to reduce or cease providing funding to borrowers (including 
to other financial institutions). Volatile conditions in the global financial markets could also have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, including on the ability of the Group to access capital and liquidity on financial terms 
acceptable to the Group, if at all. If capital markets financing ceases to become available, or becomes excessively 
expensive, the Group may be forced to raise the rates it pays on deposits to attract more customers and become 
unable to maintain certain liability maturities. Any such increase in capital markets funding availability or costs 
or in deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on its interest margins and liquidity. 
In particular, the Group including the Issuer faces, among others, the following risks related to the economic 
downturn and volatile conditions:

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 36 - 
• 
Reduced demand for its products and services. 
• 
Increased regulation of its industry. 
• 
Compliance with such regulation will continue to increase the costs of the Group and may affect 
the pricing for its products and services, increase its conduct and regulatory risks related to non-
compliance and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
• 
Inability of its borrowers to timely or fully comply with their existing obligations. 
Macroeconomic shocks may negatively impact the income of its customers, both retail and 
corporate, and may adversely affect the recoverability of its loans, resulting in increased loan 
losses. 
• 
The process the Group uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires complex 
judgements, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic conditions 
might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans. The degree of uncertainty 
concerning economic conditions may adversely affect the accuracy of its estimates, which may, 
in turn, impact the reliability of the process and the sufficiency of its loan loss allowances. 
• 
The value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the Group holds may be 
adversely affected. 
The recoverability of the loan portfolios of the Group and its ability to increase the amount of loans outstanding 
and its results of operations and financial condition in general, are dependent to a significant extent on the level 
of economic activity in Europe (in particular, Spain and the United Kingdom (the "UK"), North America (in 
particular, Mexico and the United States (the "US")) and South America (in particular, Brazil). The credit quality 
of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate as a result of these risks and the Group’s loan loss reserves 
could be insufficient to cover the Group’s loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
See risk factor entitled 'The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan 
loss reserves could be insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group'. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to sovereign debt in these regions. The Group's net exposure to sovereign debt 
at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 134,893 million (7.78 per cent of the Group's total assets at that date) of 
which the main exposures in the eurozone relate to Spain and Portugal with net exposure of EUR 29,095 million 
and EUR 5,456 million, respectively. In North America, the main exposures relate to Mexico and the US (EUR 
17,306 million and EUR 23,298 million, respectively) and in South America to Brazil (EUR 23,728 million). 
Recessionary conditions in the economies of Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America or some of 
the South American countries in which the Group operates, would likely have a significant adverse impact on its 
loan portfolio and sovereign debt holdings and, as a result, on its financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations.  
The revenues of the Group are also subject to risk of deterioration from unfavourable political and diplomatic 
developments, social instability, international conflicts, and changes in governmental policies, including 
expropriation, nationalisation, international ownership legislation, sanctions, interest-rate caps, fiscal and 
monetary policies globally. 
For the year ending 31 December 2022, 33 per cent. of the underlying profit attributable to the Bank came from 
Europe (of which 13 per cent. was from Spain and 12 per cent. from the UK), 31 per cent. from South America 
(22 per cent from Brazil) and 25 per cent. from North America (15 per cent. from the US and 10 per cent. from 
Mexico) and 11 per cent. from the Digital Consumer Bank segment (primarily Europe). As of 31 December 2022, 
the total assets of the Group stood at 57 per cent. in Europe (29 per cent. in Spain and 19 per cent. in the UK), 17 
per cent. in South America (11 per cent. in Brazil) and 17 per cent. in North America (12 per cent. in the US and 
5 per cent. in Mexico) and 9 per cent. in the Digital Consumer Bank segment (primarily Europe).1  
 
1  
Percentages calculated using as denominator the underlying profit of total operating areas (i.e. without considering the (2,049) 
million euros underlying losses accounted for in the Corporate Centre resulting from centralised management of the areas) and the 
total assets of total operating areas (i.e. without considering EUR 262,217 million total assets accounted for in the Corporate Centre 
and without intra-group eliminations).

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 37 - 
In particular, the main regions where the Group operates, are subject to the following macroeconomic and political 
conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects of the Group:  
• 
Governmental and regulatory authorities throughout the world, particularly in Europe and the 
US, implemented fiscal and monetary policies and initiatives in response to the adverse effects 
of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy, individual businesses and households. These fiscal 
and monetary policy measures accelerated the economic recovery in 2021 but in turn 
significantly increased public debt and introduced risks of economic overheating in certain 
countries. 
• 
In 2022, inflationary pressures intensified due to a number of factors, including the revitalisation 
of demand for consumer goods, labour shortages, supply chain issues, and the rise of the prices 
of energy, oil, gas and other commodities exacerbated by the war in Ukraine. In an effort to 
contain inflation, central banks increased interest rates during 2022 and 2023 contributing to a 
slowdown of the global economy. Most of the countries in which the Group operates experienced 
an environment of persistent high inflation, and even though inflation has started to fall in most 
of our markets, central banks are expected to sustain high interest rates to address persistent 
underlying inflation pressures through mid-2024. Prolonged periods of high inflation are likely 
to result in higher operating costs, a decrease in the purchasing power of families with the 
consequent increase in delinquencies in the Group's credit portfolios, and lower economic growth 
derived from the tightening of monetary and fiscal policies aimed at containing inflation, among 
other risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
• 
Among the risks that could negatively affect the economies and financial markets of the regions 
where the Group operates and lead to a further slowdown of the global economy, recession and/or 
stagflation are (i) the continuance or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the 
Middle East; (ii) further increases in the prices of energy and other commodities that can lead to 
further inflationary pressures; (iii) the continued breakdown of global supply chains; and (iv) the 
tightening of monetary and fiscal policies, including rising interest costs. 
• 
The risk of returning to a fragile and volatile environment and to heightened political tensions in 
Europe exists if, among other reasons, the policies implemented to provide emergency assistance 
and support to Ukraine, to alleviate the consequences of the war in the European Union (the 
"EU") countries and to contain inflation do not succeed, the reforms aimed at improving 
productivity and competition fail, the banking union and other measures of European integration 
do not take hold or anti-European groups become more widespread. Furthermore, increasing 
public debt levels together with rising interest costs may not be sustainable, which could lead 
certain countries into sovereign debt crises. A deterioration of the economic, political and 
financial environment in Europe could have a material adverse impact on the financial sector, 
affecting the Group's operating results, financial position and prospects. 
• 
The shift of the global economy's centre of gravity from the Atlantic to the Pacific, with China 
seeking to become the first economic power undermining the US and the EU, and gaining weight 
as a key trading partner and source of financing for Latin America (particularly for Brazil), could 
impact US and European banks negatively, reducing our market share and customer base and 
affecting the Group's business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
• 
Growing protectionism and trade tensions, such as the tensions between the US and China in 
recent years, could have a negative impact on the economies of the countries where the Group 
operates, which would also impact its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
• 
An uncertain economic outlook for China could negatively affect the world economy which 
would also impact the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
• 
The economies of some of the countries where the Group operates, particularly in Latin America, 
have experienced significant volatility in recent decades. This volatility resulted in fluctuations 
in the levels of deposits and in the relative economic strength of various segments of the 
economies to which the Group lends. In addition, some of the countries where the Group operates 
are particularly affected by commodities price fluctuations, which in turn may affect financial

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 38 - 
market conditions through exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate volatility and deposits 
volatility. In addition, the Group is exposed to variations in the net interest income of the Group 
or in the fair value of the Group's assets and liabilities resulting from exchange rate fluctuations. 
In particular, the fiscal instability and political tensions in Brazil and Mexico, and the financial 
volatility in Argentina could have a negative impact on the economy of these countries and may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the Middle East could materially 
affect the Group’s financial position and increase the Group’s operational risk 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military action against Ukraine. The war in Ukraine has 
caused an ongoing humanitarian crisis in Europe as well as volatility in financial markets globally, heightened 
inflation, shortages and increases in the prices of energy, oil, gas and other commodities. The continuance or 
escalation of the war, including its extension to other countries in the region, could lead to further increases in 
energy, oil and gas prices (particularly if supplies to Europe are interrupted) and heightened inflationary pressures, 
which in turn could lead to further increases in interest rates and market volatility. In addition, the war has 
exacerbated supply chain problems, particularly to those businesses most sensitive to rising energy prices. The 
war and its effects could exacerbate the current slowdown in the global economy and could negatively affect the 
payment capacity of some of the Group's customers, especially those with more exposure to the Russian or 
Ukrainian markets. 
In response to the Russian military action against Ukraine, several countries, including the US, EU member states, 
the UK, and other United Nations ("UN") member states, have imposed severe sanctions on Russia and Belarus, 
including freezing/blocking assets, targeting major Russian banks, the Russian Central Bank, and certain Russian 
companies and individuals, imposing trade restrictions against Russia and Russian interests, as well as the 
disconnection of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunication). In addition, the sanctions imposed also include a ban on trading in sovereign debt and other 
securities. The scale of sanctions is unprecedented, complex and rapidly evolving, and poses continuously 
increasing operational risk to the Group. Its corporate framework and policies are designed to ensure compliance 
with applicable laws, regulations and economic sanctions in the countries in which the Group operates, including 
US, UK, EU and UN economic sanctions. The Group cannot predict whether any of the countries in which it 
operates will enact additional economic sanctions or trade restrictions in response to the Russian military action 
against Ukraine. While the Group does not knowingly engage in direct or indirect dealings with sanctioned parties 
according to applicable sanctions, or in direct dealings with the sanctioned countries/territories, it may on occasion 
have indirect dealings within the sanctioned countries/territories, but it aims to operate in line with applicable US, 
EU, UK and UN blocking and sectoral sanctions regulations.  
Furthermore, the risk of cyberattacks on companies and institutions is expected to increase as a result of the war 
and in response to the sanctions imposed, which could adversely affect the Group’s ability to maintain or enhance 
its cyber security and data protection measures. The Group is actively monitoring the situation to ensure that cyber 
defences remain updated against current and emerging threats. 
While the Group does not have a physical presence in Russia and Ukraine and its direct exposure to Russian or 
Ukrainian markets and assets is not material, the impact of the war in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on global 
markets and institutions, the impact on macroeconomic conditions generally, and other potential future 
geopolitical tensions and consequences arising from the war remain uncertain and may exacerbate its operational 
risk. Episodes of economic and market volatility and pressure on supply chains and inflation may continue to 
occur and could worsen if the war persists or increases in severity. As a result, the Group’s businesses, results of 
operations and financial position could be adversely affected by any of these factors directly or indirectly arising 
from the war in Ukraine. 
On 7 October 2023, Hamas launched an attack on Israel killing hundreds of Israeli civilians. In response, Israel 
declared war against Hamas, targeting the Gaza Strip. The war is causing a humanitarian crisis and could lead to 
an escalation of the conflict in the region, rise in oil and gas prices, more inflationary pressures and market 
volatility, among others.

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 39 - 
The global covid-19 pandemic materially impacted the Group's business, and the continuance of this pandemic 
or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other public health emergencies, could 
materially and adversely impact the Group's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations 
Although the World Health Organization declared an end to covid-19 as a public health emergency, certain 
adverse consequences of the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact the macroeconomic environment and may 
persist for some time.  
If new covid-19 waves, the emergence of variants resistant to existing vaccines, or any other highly contagious 
diseases or other public health emergencies force countries to re-adopt measures that restrict economic activity, 
the macroeconomic environment could deteriorate and adversely impact the Group's business and results of 
operations, which could include, but is not limited to (i) a continued decreased demand for the Group's products 
and services; (ii) further material impairment of the Group's loans and other assets including goodwill; (iii) decline 
in value of collateral; (iv) constraints on its liquidity due to market conditions, exchange rates and customer 
withdrawal of deposits and continued draws on lines of credit; and (v) downgrades to the Group's credit ratings. 
See risk factor entitled "Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the 
Group and its cost of funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Group would likely increase its cost of 
funding, require the Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other 
contracts and adversely affect its interest margins and results of operations". 
Moreover, the operations of the Group could still be impacted by risks from remote work or bans on non-essential 
activities. If, as a result of any future public health emergencies, the Group becomes unable to successfully operate 
its business from remote locations including, for example, due to failures of its technology infrastructure, 
increased cybersecurity risks, or governmental restrictions that affect its operations, this could result in business 
disruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on the Group's business.  
In light of the impact that the covid-19 pandemic had on the economic situation and forecasts in the markets where 
the Group is present, a review was carried out in 2020 to evaluate both goodwill and the recoverability of deferred 
tax assets. As a result of this review, in 2020 the Group adjusted the valuation of its goodwill and deferred tax 
assets, resulting in a non-recurring impairment of EUR 12,600 million. Furthermore, at the end of 2020 the Group 
recorded additional allowances for impairment of financial assets at amortised cost of EUR 3,105 million due to 
the effect of the covid-19 pandemic. In 2021 and 2022 the Group did not record additional provisions related to 
the covid-19 pandemic. 
The resurgence of covid-19 or other variants , or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases, or 
other public health emergencies may have adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, liquidity 
and results of operations or cause other risks to the Group. 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU has led to disruptions in the Group's UK-based operations that could have 
a material adverse effect on the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group 
On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a member of the EU ("Brexit") and a limited trade deal was agreed 
between the UK and the EU with the relevant new regulations coming into force on 1 January 2021.  
The trade deal, however, does not include agreements on certain areas, such as financial services and data 
adequacy. As a result, Santander UK plc ("Santander UK") has, and will continue to have, a limited ability to 
provide cross-border services to EU customers and to trade with EU counterparties. The wider and continuing 
impact of the UK's withdrawal from the EU on financial markets through market fragmentation, reduced access 
to finance and funding, and a lack of access to certain financial market infrastructure, may affect the operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Group and those of its customers.  
Residual risks remain around the impact of Brexit on the UK's economy. Brexit has contributed to global 
pandemic-related supply and labour market constraints and reduced economic output and exports as businesses 
attempt to adapt the new cross-border procedures and rules applicable in the UK and in the EU to their activities, 
products, customers and suppliers. 
The UK's withdrawal from the EU has been hampered by the overlay and development of economic risks from 
the covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine and the longer term effects are difficult to assess. Further, there is 
ongoing political and economic uncertainty, such as: (i) increased friction with the EU and EU countries; (ii) the 
possibility of a second referendum on Scottish independence from the UK; and (iii) instability in Northern Ireland 
derived from failure of the agreement between the UK and the EU to reach a deal on the Northern Ireland protocol,

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 40 - 
which could negatively affect Santander UK's customers and counterparties and have a material adverse effect on 
the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
The Group considered these circumstances in its assessment of the recoverability of the cash-generating unit that 
supports Santander UK's goodwill, which was impaired during 2020 by 6,101 million euros and by 1,491 million 
euros in 2019. In 2021 and 2022, there was no impairment of Santander UK's goodwill. As of 31 December 2022 
Santander UK’s goodwill amounted up to 599 million euros.    
6. 
Risks Relating to the Group's Business 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks to the business model of the Group 
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings 
The Group faces risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings, including tax proceedings, that could subject 
it to monetary judgements, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. The current regulatory and tax 
enforcement environment in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates reflects an increased supervisory focus 
on enforcement, combined with uncertainty about the evolution of the regulatory regime, and may lead to material 
operational and compliance costs. 
The Group is from time to time subject to regulatory investigations and civil and tax claims, and party to certain 
legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business, including, among others, in connection with 
conflicts of interest, lending and derivatives activities, relationships with its employees and other commercial, 
data protection, or tax matters. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal matters, 
particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present novel legal 
theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the early stages of investigation or discovery, the Group cannot 
state with certainty what the eventual outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or 
penalties related to each pending matter may be. 
The amount of the Group's reserves in respect of these matters, which considers the likelihood of future cash 
outflows associated with each of such claims, is substantially less than the total amount of the claims asserted 
against it, and, in light of the uncertainties involved in such claims and proceedings, there is no assurance that the 
ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves currently accrued by the Group. As 
a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to its operating results for a particular period. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had provisions for taxes, other legal contingencies and other provisions for €4,073 
million.  
For example, in Poland the Group is exposed to significant litigation in connection with CHF indexed and CHF 
denominated loans in which it is facing claims that those loans or clauses included in them are abusive. Whilst 
the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") and the Polish Supreme Court have issued several rulings 
on this matter (including the CJEU ruling of 15 June 2023), sufficient case law has not yet been developed. The 
case law of the Polish national courts implementing the CJEU rulings (including the ruling of 15 June 2023) and 
the possible position of the Polish Supreme Court will be crucial for the final assessment of the legal risk related 
to this matter.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the Polish Supreme Court’s and CJEU’s 
decisions on individual cases. As of 31 December 2022, Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Santander Consumer 
Bank S.A. maintained a portfolio of mortgages denominated in or indexed to CHF for an approximate gross 
amount of zł8,393.7 million (EUR 1,791.8 million) and the total value of the adjustments to gross carrying amount 
in accordance with IFRS9 as well as the provisions recorded under IAS37, amount to zł3,557.3 million (EUR 
759.4 million). The provisions and adjustments recorded are deemed sufficient to cover the risks associated with 
the legal claims against the Group. However, in the event that the Group is required to make higher payments than 
estimated, either with respect to existing or new claims, there could be a significant adverse effect on its results 
and financial situation. 
The Group (including the Issuer) is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight 
which could adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition 
As a financial institution, the Group (including the Issuer) is subject to extensive regulation, which materially 
affects its businesses (see "Investment Considerations" section).

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 41 - 
In Spain and the other jurisdictions where the Group (including the Issuer) operates, there is continuing political, 
competitive and regulatory scrutiny of the banking industry. Political involvement in the regulatory process, in 
the behaviour and governance of the banking sector and in the major financial institutions in which the local 
governments have a direct financial interest and in their products and services, and the prices and other terms they 
apply to them, is likely to continue. Accordingly, the statutes, regulations and policies to which the Group 
(including the Issuer) is subject may be changed at any time. In addition, the interpretation and the application by 
regulators of the laws and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. Extensive 
legislation and regulation affecting the financial services industry has been adopted in regions that directly or 
indirectly affect the Group's business, including Spain, the US, the EU, the UK, Latin America and other 
jurisdictions, and further regulations are in the process of being implemented. The manner in which those laws 
and related regulations are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. Moreover, to the 
extent these regulations are implemented inconsistently in the various jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
it may face higher compliance costs. Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to its business 
operations resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in its compliance with such 
legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Group to pursue 
business opportunities in which the Group might otherwise consider engaging, limit the Group’s ability to provide 
certain products and services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Group to increase its prices and 
therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Group or otherwise 
adversely affect its businesses. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory actions resulting in enhanced prudential standards, in particular with respect 
to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its bank subsidiaries and 
could limit the bank subsidiaries' ability to distribute capital and liquidity to the Issuer, thereby negatively 
impacting the Issuer. Future liquidity standards could require the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its 
assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which would negatively affect its net interest 
margin. Moreover, the Issuer's regulatory and supervisory authorities, periodically review the Issuer's allowance 
for its loan losses.  
Such regulators may recommend the Issuer to increase its allowance for loan losses or to recognise further losses. 
Any such additional provisions for loan losses, as recommended by these regulatory agencies, whose views may 
differ from those of the Issuer's management, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's earnings and financial 
condition. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that future changes in regulations or in their interpretation or 
application will not adversely affect the Group. 
For example, Law 38/2022, of 27 December, established a temporary tax on financial credit institutions in Spain. 
The tax is calculated as 4.8% of the sum of interest income/charges and commission income/expenses derived 
from the activity carried out in Spain. Although conceived as a temporary tax to be paid in the years 2023 and 
2024, in the last quarter of 2024 the government will evaluate if they will maintain it on a permanent basis. On 1 
January 2023, an amount of 224 million euros was recorded in the profit and loss account in accordance with 
IFRIC 21 due to this new tax. The wide range of regulations, actions and proposals which most significantly 
affect, or which could most significantly affect, the Group in the future, relate to capital requirements, funding 
and liquidity and development of a fiscal and banking union in the EU, which are discussed in further detail below. 
Furthermore, regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, and 
the means available to the regulators, have been increasing during recent years. Regulation may be imposed on 
an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect financial 
institutions such as the Group that are deemed to be a global systemically important institution ("G-SII").  
 The Group is subject to increasingly stricter capital regulations and potential requirements could have an 
impact on the Group and its businesses. 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Issuer’s main regulatory challenges. Increasing 
capital requirements may adversely affect the Issuer’s profitability and create regulatory risk associated with the 
possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels (see "Investment Considerations" section).  
In 2011, the framework known as Basel III, which is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector, was introduced (see "Investment Considerations" section). 
This aimed to boost the banking sector’s ability to absorb impacts caused by financial and economic stress, 
improve risk management and corporate governance, and improve banking transparency and disclosures. 
Concerning capital, Basel III redefines available capital at financial institutions (including new deductions and 
raising the requirements for eligible equity instruments), tightens the minimum capital requirements, compels

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 42 - 
financial institutions to operate permanently with surplus capital (capital "buffers"), and includes new 
requirements for the risks considered. 
The amendments to the solvency requirements of credit institutions and various transparency regulations, from 
the practical standpoint, grant priority to high-quality capital (Common Equity Tier 1 or "CET1"), introducing 
stricter eligibility criteria and more stringent ratios, in a bid to guarantee higher standards of capital adequacy in 
the financial sector. 
The European Central Bank (the "ECB") is required under Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 
2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") to carry out a supervisory review and evaluation process (the "SREP") at 
least on an annual basis. 
The Issuer announced on 11 December 2023 that it had received from the ECB its decision regarding the 
prudential minimum capital requirements effective as of 1 January 2024, following the results of SREP. The 
ECB’s decision establishes a Pillar 2 requirement of 1.74 per cent. at a consolidated level of which at least 0.98 
per cent. must be covered with CET1. Accordingly, the Issuer’s minimum CET1 and capital requirements as of 1 
January 2024 will be 9.60 and 13.86 per cent. on a consolidated basis, respectively. As of 30 September 2023, on 
a consolidated basis, the Group’s total capital ratio was 16.31 per cent. while its CET1 ratio was 12.35 per cent. 
In addition, the Bank shall comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements (as defined in the "Investment 
Considerations" section). The Bank announced on 18 May 2023 that it had received formal notification from the 
Bank of Spain of its binding minimum MREL requirement, both total and subordinated, for the resolution group 
of Banco Santander (the "Resolution Group"), as determined by the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), which 
replaces the previously applicable one. The total MREL requirement which will be effective as of 1 January 2024 
has been set at 29.81 per cent. of the Resolution Group’s total risk weighted assets. The subordination requirement 
was set at 10.27 per cent. As of 31 March 2023 the structure of own funds and eligible liabilities of the Resolution 
Group met the requirements. Future requirements are subject to ongoing review by the resolution authority. 
See "Investment Considerations" section for additional information.  
There can be no assurance that the application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards or 
recommendations will not require the Issuer to issue additional securities that qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, 
to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial position. 
Any failure by the Issuer and/or the Group to maintain its Pillar 1 minimum regulatory capital ratios and any Pillar 
2 additional capital requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions (including restrictions on 
Discretionary Payments), which, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations. 
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future, notably once the final Basel III reforms are 
implemented in the EU. In this regard, the European Commission published on 27 October 2021 a legislative 
proposal which aims to complete the post-crisis reforms and to faithfully implement the outstanding elements of 
the Basel III reform in the EU. 
All the applicable regulations and the approval of any other regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s activities and operations, and most particularly affect the ability of the Issuer to distribute 
dividends. Therefore, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and/or financial position. 
See "Investment Considerations" section. 
Anti-Money Laundering and economic sanctions 
Failures to comply with applicable US, UK or EU AML laws or regulations or economic sanctions could have 
severe legal and reputational consequences, including significant civil and criminal penalties, and certain AML 
violations could result in a termination of banking licenses. For example, in December 2022 Santander UK plc 
paid a GBP 107.8 million (EUR 127 million) financial penalty to settle the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) 
enforcement investigation into the anti-money laundering systems and controls in the Business Banking division

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 43 - 
in the period between 31 December 2012 and 18 October 2017. This settlement concluded the FCA’s 
investigation. 
The lack of certainty on possible requirements arising from any new AML laws or sanctions could pose risks 
given the possible penalties for financial crime compliance failings. If such penalties are incurred, then they could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, US 
regulators have taken actions against non-US bank holding companies requiring them to improve their oversight 
of their US subsidiaries' Bank Secrecy Act programmes and compliance. Further, US federal banking agencies 
are required, when reviewing bank and bank holding company acquisition or merger applications, to take into 
account the effectiveness of the AML compliance record of the applicant.  
Data Privacy and cybersecurity 
The Group receives, maintains, transmits, stores and otherwise processes proprietary, sensitive and confidential 
data, including public and non-public personal information of its customers, employees, counterparties and other 
third parties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. 
The collection, sharing, use, retention, disclosure, protection, transfer and other processing of this information is 
governed by stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations and standards. The regulatory 
framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is in considerable flux and evolving rapidly. As data privacy and 
cybersecurity risks for banking organisations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in 
recent years, data privacy and cybersecurity issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and 
regulatory focus. Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which the Group operates has established its own 
data privacy and cybersecurity legal framework with which the Group must comply. For example, on 25 May 
2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/279 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, on the 
protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 
(the "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR") became directly applicable in all member states of the 
EU. To align the Spanish legal regime with the GDPR, Spain enacted the Organic Law 3/2018, of 5 December, 
on Data Protection and the safeguarding of digital rights which repealed the Spanish Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 
December, on data protection. Additionally, following the UK's withdrawal from the EU, the Group is also subject 
to the UK General Data Protection Regulation ("UK GDPR") (i.e., the GDPR as implemented into UK law). 
Although a number of basic existing principles have remained the same, the GDPR and UK GDPR introduced 
extensive new obligations on both data controllers and processors, as well as rights for data subjects. The GDPR 
and UK GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing 
the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, 
protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR and UK GDPR include 
obligations and restrictions concerning the security and confidentiality of personal data, such as obtaining consent 
from the individuals to whom the personal data relates for certain processing activities, using safeguards on 
transfers of personal data out of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the UK, respectively, and making 
notifications with respect to certain security breaches, among others. The GDPR and UK GDPR also impose 
significant fines and penalties for non-compliance of up to the higher of 4% of annual worldwide turnover or EUR 
20 million (or GBP 17.5 million under the UK GDPR), whichever is greater. While the UK GDPR currently 
imposes substantially the same obligations as the GDPR, the UK GDPR will not automatically incorporate 
changes to the GDPR going forward (which would need to be specifically incorporated by the UK government). 
Moreover, the UK government has publicly announced plans to reform the UK GDPR in ways that, if formalised, 
are likely to deviate from the GDPR, all of which creates a risk of divergent parallel regimes and related 
uncertainty, along with the potential for increased compliance costs and risks for affected businesses. 
The implementation of the GDPR, UK GDPR and other data protection regimes has required substantial 
amendments to the Group's procedures and policies. The changes have impacted, and could further adversely 
impact, the Group's business by increasing its operational and compliance costs. The Group expect the number of 
jurisdictions adopting their own data privacy and cybersecurity laws to increase, which will likely require the 
Group to devote additional significant operational resources for its compliance efforts and incur additional 
significant expenses. This legal environment is also likely to increase the Group's exposure to risk of claims 
alleging non-compliance with all applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws, rules, regulations and standards. 
Recent legal developments in the EEA, including recent rulings from the CJEU and from various EU member 
state data protection authorities, have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from 
the EEA to the US and other so-called third countries outside the EEA. While the European Commission 
announced in March 2022 that an agreement in principle had been reached between EU and US authorities 
regarding a new transatlantic data privacy framework, no formal agreement has been finalised, and any such 
agreement, if formalised, is likely to face challenge at the CJEU. Similar complexities and uncertainties also apply

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 44 - 
to transfers from the UK to third countries. While the Group have taken steps to mitigate the impact of such 
complexities and uncertainties on the Group by implementing supplementary measures in accordance with the 
applicable regulations, the efficacy and longevity of these mechanisms remains uncertain due to the fast-moving 
regulatory environment. 
In the US, there are numerous federal, state and local data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations and 
standards governing the collection, sharing, use, retention, disclosure, protection, transfer and other processing of 
personal information, including federal and state data privacy laws, data breach notification laws and data disposal 
laws. For example, at the federal level, among other laws, rules, regulations and standards, the Group is subject 
to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA"), which requires financial institutions to, among other things, 
periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing non-public personal information and 
enables retail customers to opt out of the Group's ability to share such personal information with unaffiliated third 
parties under certain circumstances. The GLBA also requires financial institutions to implement a comprehensive 
information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the security 
and confidentiality of customer records and information. Like other lenders, Santander Bank and other of the 
Group's US subsidiaries also use credit bureau data in their underwriting activities, and the use of such data is 
regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). Santander Bank and the Group's US subsidiaries are 
also subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, which 
regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. In the 
spring of 2022, federal banking regulators imposed a cybersecurity-related notification rule that requires banking 
organisations to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and within 36 hours of incidents that, 
among other things, have materially disrupted or degraded, or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt or 
degrade, the banking organisation's ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, jeopardise 
the key viability of key operations of the banking organisation, or impact the stability of the financial sector. The 
rule also imposes requirements on bank service providers to notify their affected banking organisation customers 
of certain computer-security incidents. Moreover, the US Congress has recently considered, and is currently 
considering, various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which the 
Group and its US subsidiaries may be subject if passed. 
Data privacy and cybersecurity are also areas of increasing state legislative focus, and states are increasingly 
proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and cybersecurity. For example, the California 
Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, "CCPA"), gives California 
residents the right to, among other things, request disclosure of personal information collected about them, and 
whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information 
(subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information, and the right not to be 
discriminated against for exercising their rights. Other states where the Group do business, or may in the future 
do business, or from which the Group otherwise collect, or may in the future otherwise collect, personal 
information of residents have enacted, or are considering enacting, comprehensive data privacy laws that share 
similarities with the CCPA, with at least four such laws (in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah) having 
taken effect, or scheduled to take effect, in 2023.  In addition, laws in all 50 US states generally require businesses 
to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a 
result of a data breach, and the Group may be required to report events related to data privacy or cybersecurity 
issues, events where customer information may be compromised, unauthorised access to the Group's systems and 
other security breaches, to affected individuals or the relevant regulatory authorities. These laws are not consistent, 
and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is difficult and may be costly. 
Additionally, the Group's New York branch is supervised by the New York State Department of Financial Services 
("NYDFS"). The NYDFS issued Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, which took 
effect in 2017, and which require banks, insurance companies and other financial services institutions regulated 
by the NYDFS to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect consumers and ensure the 
safety and soundness of New York State's financial services industry. The cybersecurity regulation adds specific 
requirements for these institutions' cybersecurity compliance programs and imposes an obligation to conduct 
ongoing, comprehensive risk assessments. Further, on an annual basis, each institution is required to submit a 
certification of compliance with these requirements. 
Data privacy and cybersecurity laws, rules, regulations and standards continue to evolve and may result in ever-
increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. The Group may become subject to 
new legislation, regulations, rules or standards concerning data privacy or cybersecurity, which could require the 
Group to incur significant additional costs and expenses in order to comply. The Group could also be adversely 
affected if such new legislation, regulations, rules or standards are adopted or if existing legislation, regulations, 
rules or standards are modified or interpreted such that the Group is required to alter its systems, business

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 45 - 
practices, processes or privacy policies. If cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer or data 
retention laws, rules, regulations or standards are implemented, interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent 
with the Group's current practices or policies, or if the Group fails to comply (or are perceived to have failed to 
comply) with applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards relating to data privacy and cybersecurity, the 
Group may be subject to substantial fines, civil or criminal penalties, costly litigation (including class actions), 
claims, proceedings, judgments, awards, penalties, sanctions, regulatory enforcement actions, government 
investigations or inquiries, or other adverse impacts, or be ordered to change its business practices, policies or 
systems in a manner that adversely impacts the Group's operating results, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 
Credit Risks. 
The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan loss reserves could be 
insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent to a wide range of the businesses of the Group. Non-performing or low credit quality loans have in 
the past negatively impacted the Group's results of operations and could do so in the future. In particular, the 
amount of the reported credit impaired loans of the Group may increase in the future as a result of growth in the 
Group's total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan portfolios that the Group may acquire in the future (the 
credit quality of which may turn out to be worse than it had anticipated), or factors beyond the Group's control, 
such as adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in 
economic conditions in the regions where the Group operates or in global economic and political conditions, 
including as a result of the continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the Middle East. 
In certain markets, the combined pressure of economic downturn, high inflation and high interest rates may impact 
the ability of the Group’s customers to repay their debt. If the Group were unable to control the level of its credit 
impaired or poor credit quality loans, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The loan loss reserves of the Group are based on its current assessment of and expectations concerning various 
factors affecting the quality of its loan portfolio. These factors include, among other things, the financial condition 
of the borrowers of the Group, repayment abilities and repayment intentions, the realizable value of any collateral, 
the prospects for support from any guarantor, government macroeconomic policies, interest rates and the legal 
and regulatory environment. Because many of these factors are beyond the Group's control and there is no 
infallible method for predicting loan and credit losses, the Group cannot assure that its current or future loan loss 
reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. If the Group's assessment of and expectations concerning the 
above mentioned factors differ from actual developments, if the quality of its total loan portfolio deteriorates, for 
any reason, or if the future actual losses exceed the  estimates of expected losses of the Group, it may be required 
to increase its loan loss reserves, which may adversely affect the Group. Additionally, in calculating the Group's 
loan loss reserves, the Group employs qualitative tools and statistical models which may not be reliable in all 
circumstances and which are dependent upon data that may not be complete.  
On 31 December 2022, the Group's net loans and advances to customers amounted to EUR 1,036,004 million 
(compared to EUR 972,682 million as of 31 December 2021) 
The loan portfolio of the Group is mainly located in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America (in 
particular, the US) and South America (in particular, Brazil). At 31 December 2022, Europe accounted for 57 per 
cent. of the Group's total loan portfolio (Spain accounted for 25 per cent. of its total loan portfolio and the UK, 
where the loan portfolio consists primarily of residential mortgages, accounted for 24 per cent.), North America 
accounted for 17 per cent. (of which the US represents 13 per cent. of its total loan portfolio), South America 
accounted for 14 per cent. (of which Brazil represents 8 per cent. of its total loan portfolio) and the Digital 
Consumer Bank segment (primarily Europe) accounted for 12 per cent.  
Mortgage loans are one of the Group's principal assets, comprising 44 per cent. of its net loans and advances as 
of 31 December 2022, mainly located in Spain and the UK. 81 per cent. of such mortgage loans are residential. If 
Spain or the UK experience situations of economic stagnation, persistent housing oversupply, decreased housing 
demand, rising unemployment levels, subdued earnings growth, greater pressure on disposable income, a decline 
in the availability of mortgage finance or continued global markets volatility, for instance, home prices could 
decline, while mortgage delinquencies, forbearances and its NPL ratio could increase, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. At 31 December 2022, the

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 46 - 
NPL ratio of residential mortgage loans for the Group in Spain and the UK was 1.62 per cent. and 0.98 per cent., 
respectively. 2 
At 31 December 2022 the total Group NPL ratio stood at 3.08 per cent. as compared to 3.16 per cent. at 31 
December 2021.2  Coverage as of 31 December 2022 was 68 per cent. as compared to 71 per cent. a year earlier.3  
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (net) of the Group in 2022 was 
EUR 10,863 million (mainly related to loans and advances to customers), a 47 per cent. increase as compared to 
EUR 7,407 million in 2021 mainly related to releases recorded in the UK and the US in 2021 and macro provisions 
in 2022 resulting from a potential macroeconomic slowdown. 
At 31 December 2022, the gross amount of the Group’s refinancing and restructuring operations was EUR 34,173 
million (3 per cent. of total gross loans and credits), of which EUR 9,715 million have real estate collateral. At 
the same date, the net amount of non-current assets held for sale totalled EUR 3,453 million of which EUR 3,101 
million were foreclosed assets. 
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loans may not be sufficient, and the Group may be unable to 
realise the full value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio 
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loan portfolio may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond its 
control, including as a result of macroeconomic factors affecting Europe, North American countries and South 
American countries or the continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the Middle East. 
The value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio may be adversely affected by force majeure events, such as 
natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), particularly in locations where a significant portion of 
its loan portfolio is composed of real estate loans. 
The Group may also not have sufficiently recent information on the value of collateral, which may result in an 
inaccurate assessment for impairment losses of its loans secured by such collateral. 
If any of the above were to occur, the Group may need to make additional provisions to cover actual impairment 
losses of its loans, which may materially and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
At 31 December 2022, 44 per cent. of the Group's loans and advances to customers have property collateral, while 
22 per cent., have other types of collateral (securities, pledges and others).  
Liquidity and Funding Risks 
Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Group's business and could have a material adverse effect on it 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group either does not have sufficient financial resources available to meet its 
obligations as they are due, or can only secure them at excessive cost. This risk is inherent in any banking business 
and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source 
of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation, including as a result 
of the continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the Middle East. While the Group has 
in place liquidity management processes to mitigate and control these risks, as well as an organisational model 
based on autonomous subsidiaries in terms of capital and liquidity which limits the possibility of contagion 
between the units of the Group, systemic market factors make it difficult to eliminate these risks completely. 
Constraints in the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, could materially and adversely affect the 
cost of funding of the Group's business, and extreme liquidity constraints may affect its current operations and its 
ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as limit growth possibilities. 
The cost of the Group to obtain funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit spreads. 
Increases in interest rates, such as those announced throughout 2022 and 2023 by the ECB, the Bank of England 
and the Federal Reserve, and/or in its credit spreads can significantly increase the cost of its funding. Credit 
 
2  
The NPL ratio (which constitutes an alternative performance measure) is an important variable regarding financial institutions' 
activity since it gives an indication of the level of risk the entities are exposed to. It calculates risks that are, in accounting terms, 
declared to be credit impaired as a percentage of the total outstanding amount of customer credit and contingent liabilities. More 
information on the NPL ratio can be found on pages 414 and 415 of the 2022 Annual Report. 
3  
The total coverage ratio (which constitutes an alternative performance measure) is a fundamental metric in the financial sector. It 
reflects the level of provisions as a percentage of the credit impaired assets. Therefore it is a good indicator of the entity's solvency 
against customer defaults both present and future. More information on the coverage ratios can be found on pages 414, 415 and 
416 of the 2022 Annual Report.

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 47 - 
spreads variations are market-driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of the creditworthiness of the 
Group. Changes to interest rates and in the credit spreads of the Group may occur frequently and could be 
unpredictable and highly volatile. 
The Group relies, and will continue to rely, primarily on retail deposits to fund lending activities. The ongoing 
availability of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general 
economic conditions and the confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial services industry, 
and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits between banks or with 
other products, such as mutual funds. Any of these factors could increase the amount of retail deposit withdrawals 
in a short period of time, thereby reducing the ability of the Group to access retail deposit funding on appropriate 
terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
operating results of the Group, financial condition and prospects. 
In the first half of 2023, the liquidity issues faced by Silicon Valley Bank and other banks in the US and the issues 
faced by the Swiss bank, Credit Suisse, caused withdrawals of deposits from these banks and volatility in 
international markets. Central banks took measures designed to guarantee the liquidity of the banking system. 
Although the Group does not have material exposure to the affected banks, the spread or potential spread of these 
or other issues to the broader financial sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operating results, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Central banks took extraordinary measures to increase liquidity in the financial markets as a response to the 
financial crisis and the covid-19 pandemic. In Europe, the ECB’s pandemic emergency purchase programme 
("PEPP") was finalised by the end of March 2022, although maturing principal payments are expected to be 
repurchased until at least at the end of 2024. If these facilities, which are progressively being reduced, were to be 
rapidly removed, this could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Group to access liquidity and on the 
Group's funding costs. 
Additionally, the activities of the Group could be adversely impacted by liquidity tensions arising from generalised 
drawdowns of committed credit lines to the customers of the Group. 
The Group cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking system, the 
Group will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the term of 
funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Group could be materially 
adversely affected.  
Finally, the implementation of internationally accepted liquidity ratios might require changes in business practices 
that affect the profitability of the Group. The LCR is a liquidity standard that measures if banks have sufficient 
high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. In addition the 
Group is also required to comply with the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") requirements provided in the CRR. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s LCR was 152%, above the 100% minimum requirement. In relation to the 
NSFR, the institutions shall maintain from 28 June 2021 an NSFR (calculated in accordance with Title IV of the 
CRR) of at least 100%. As of 31 December 2022, the Group's NSFR was 121%, above the 100% minimum 
requirement. 
Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the Group's credit ratings and the Group's cost 
of funds. Any downgrade in the Group's credit rating would likely increase the Group's cost of funding, require 
the Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of the Group's derivative and other 
contracts and adversely affect the Group's interest margins and results of operations 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Group, and their ratings of the Group's debt are based on a number of factors, including the 
Group's financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry. In addition, due to the 
methodology of the main rating agencies, the Group's credit rating is affected by the rating of Spanish sovereign 
debt. If Spain’s sovereign debt is downgraded the Group's credit rating would also likely be downgraded.  
Any downgrade in the Group's debt credit ratings would likely increase the Group's borrowing costs and require 
the Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of the Group's derivative and other 
contracts, and could limit the Group's access to capital markets and adversely affect the Group's commercial 
business. For example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of 
the Group's products, engage in certain longer-term and derivatives transactions and retain the Group's customers, 
particularly customers who need a minimum rating threshold in order to invest. In addition, under the terms of

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 48 - 
certain of the Group's derivative contracts and other financial commitments, the Group may be required to 
maintain a minimum credit rating or terminate such contracts or require the posting of collateral. Any of these 
results of a ratings downgrade could reduce the Group's liquidity and have an adverse effect on the Group, 
including the Group's operating results and financial condition.  
The Group has the following ratings by the major rating agencies as of the report dates indicated below: 
Rating agency 
 
Long term 
 
Short term 
 
Last report 
date 
 
Outlook 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Fitch Ratings (1) 
A- 
F2 
October 2023 
Stable 
Moody’s (2) 
A2 
P-1 
July 2023 
Stable 
Standard & Poor’s (3) 
A+ 
A-1 
October 2023 
Stable 
DBRS (4) 
A (High) 
R-1 (Middle) 
September 
2023 
Stable 
 
 
 
 
Santander UK plc 
 
 
 
 
Fitch Ratings (1) 
A+ 
F1 
June 2023 
Stable 
Moody’s (2) 
A1 
P-1 
November 
2022 
Negative 
Standard & Poor’s (3) 
A 
A-1 
September 
2022 
Stable 
 
 
 
 
Banco Santander (Brasil) 
 
 
 
 
Moody’s (2) 
Ba1 
- 
February 2023 
Stable 
Standard & Poor’s (3) 
BB- 
B 
February 2023 
Stable 
 
(1) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch Ratings). 
(2) Moody’s Investor Service Spain, S.A. (Moody’s). 
(3) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s). 
(4) DBRS Ratings Limited (DBRS).  
 
The Group conducts substantially all of the Group's material derivative activities through Banco Santander and 
Santander UK. The Group estimates that as of 31 December 2022, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade 
Banco Santander’s long-term senior debt ratings by one notch, the Group would be required to post up to EUR 
155 million in additional collateral pursuant to derivative and other financial contracts. A hypothetical two-notch 
downgrade would result in a further requirement to post up to EUR 350 million in additional collateral. The Group 
estimates that as of 31 December 2022, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade Santander UK’s long-term 
credit ratings by one notch, and thereby trigger a short-term credit rating downgrade, this could result in 
contractual outflows from Santander UK’s total liquid assets of GBP 1.4 billion of cash and additional collateral 
that Santander UK would be required to post under the terms of secured funding and derivatives contracts. A 
hypothetical two-notch downgrade would result in a further outflow of GBP 0.7 billion of cash and collateral 
under secured funding and derivatives contracts. 
While certain potential impacts of these downgrades are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a 
credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend on numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related 
factors and assumptions, including market conditions at the time of any downgrade, whether any downgrade of 
the Group's long-term credit rating precipitates downgrades to the Group's short-term credit rating, and 
assumptions about the potential behaviours of various customers, investors and counterparties. Actual outflows 
could be higher or lower than the preceding hypothetical examples, depending upon certain factors including 
which credit rating agency downgrades the credit rating of the Group, any management or restructuring actions 
that could be taken to reduce cash outflows and the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding 
(such as from money market funds) or loss of secured funding capacity. Although unsecured and secured funding

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 49 - 
stresses are included in the Group's stress testing scenarios and a portion of the Group's total liquid assets is held 
against these risks, a credit rating downgrade could still have a material adverse effect on the Group.  
In addition, if the Group were required to cancel the Group's derivatives contracts with certain counterparties and 
were unable to replace such contracts, the Group's market risk profile could be altered.  
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, the 
future evolution of the Group’s ratings is linked, to a large extent, to the general macroeconomic outlook which 
includes the impact of the continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and of the conflict in the Middle East 
on the Group's asset quality, profitability and capital. Failure to maintain favourable ratings and outlooks could 
increase the Group's cost of funding and adversely affect interest margins, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
Market Risks 
The Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Group is subject to fluctuations in interest 
rates and other market risks, which may materially and adversely affect the Group and its profitability 
The Group’s financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. In 2022, inflationary pressures, increases in 
the prices of energy, oil, gas and other commodities and the continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and 
of the conflict in the Middle East caused and could continue to cause high market volatility, which could materially 
and adversely affect the Group and its trading and banking book.  
Economic activities exposed to market risk include (i) transactions where risk is assumed as a consequence of 
potential changes in interest rates, inflation rates, exchange rates, stock prices, credit spreads, commodity prices, 
volatility and other market factors; (ii) the liquidity risk from the products and markets of the Group; and (iii) the 
balance sheet liquidity risk.  
As described below, market risk affects (i) the Group's interest income / (charges); (ii) the market value of its 
assets and liabilities, in particular of the Group's securities holdings, loans and deposits and derivatives 
transactions; and (iii) other areas of the Group's business such as the volume of loans originated or credit spreads. 
The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Group's investment and trading 
portfolios. The volatility of world equity markets due to the continued economic uncertainty and sovereign debt 
crisis has had a particularly strong impact on the financial sector. Continued volatility may affect the value of the 
Group's investments in equity securities and, depending on their fair value and future recovery expectations, could 
become a permanent impairment which would be subject to write-offs against the Group's results.  
Market risk could include unexpected or unpredictable risks related to periods in which the market does not 
calculate prices efficiently (for example, during market interruptions or shocks). 
Variations in the Group's interest income / (charges)  
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including increased regulation of the 
financial sector, monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Variations 
in interest rates could affect the interest earned on the assets and the interest paid on the borrowings of the Group, 
thereby affecting its interest income/ (charges), which comprises the majority of its revenue, reducing the growth 
rate of the Group and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, costs which the Group incurs as it implements 
strategies to reduce interest rate exposure could increase in the future (which, in turn, will impact the results of 
the Group). 
Due to the historically low interest rate environment in the eurozone, in the UK and in the US in recent years, the 
rates on many of the Group's interest-bearing deposit products priced at or near zero or negative, limiting its ability 
to further reduce rates and thus negatively impacting its margins and the Group’s results of operations. 
Throughout 2022 and 2023, central banks, including the ECB, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve, 
increased interest rates to contain inflation. 
Increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans that the Group originates. Sustained high interest rates 
have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased delinquencies in 
outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may reduce the value of the 
Group's financial assets and may reduce gains or require the Group to record losses on sales of its loans or

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 50 - 
securities. Additionally, a shrinking yield premium between short-term and long-term market interest rates 
coupled with inflation, could adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations. 
At 31 December 2022, the risk on net interest income over a one year period, measured as the sensitivity to parallel 
changes in the worst-case scenario of ±100 basis points, (i) was positive in Europe (i.e., a decrease in interest rates 
would potentially produce a decrease in net interest income) and mainly in the euro, at EUR 1,009 million, the 
British pound at EUR 191 million, the Polish zloty, at EUR 64 million, and the US dollar, at EUR 51 million; (ii) 
was positive in North America (i.e., a decrease in interest rates would potentially produce a decrease in net interest 
income) and the risk was mainly located in the US (EUR 151 million); and (iii) was negative in South America 
(i.e., an increase in interest rates would potentially produce a decrease in net interest income) and was mainly 
found in Chile (EUR 72 million) and Brazil (EUR 169 million). 
Variations in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group 
The market risk in relation to the change in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group refers to the 
loss of value of assets or increase in the value of liabilities due to fluctuations in their prices in the markets where 
those assets or liabilities are traded, or even if not traded, in the value that a third party outside the Group would 
be willing to offer in a hypothetical transaction. 
The standard methodology that the Group applies for risk management is Value at Risk ("VaR"), which measures 
the maximum expected loss within a certain confidence level and time frame.  
In relation to structural balance sheet risks: 
• 
At 31 December 2022, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in interest rate was EUR 304.5 million (EUR 287.8 million and EUR 345.5 million at 31 December 2021 
and 2020, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99% and a temporary horizon of one 
day. 
• 
At 31 December 2022, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in exchange rate was EUR 461.0 million (EUR 655.2 million and EUR 502.6 million at 31 December 
2021 and 2020, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99% and a temporary horizon of 
one day. 
• 
At 31 December 2022, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to variations 
in equity portfolio was EUR 195.4 million (EUR 309.1 million and EUR 318.5 million at 31 December 
2021 and 2020, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99% and a temporary horizon of 
one day. 
In relation to the trading portfolio, the Santander Corporate & Investment Banking segment VaR closed December 
2022 with EUR 11.6 million. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk as a result of mismatches between assets and liabilities 
denominated in different currencies. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between currencies may negatively affect 
the earnings and value of the assets and securities of the Group. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, net interest income or the market value of the Group's assets and liabilities 
could suffer a material adverse impact. 
The Group is subject to market, operational and other related risks associated with its derivative transactions 
that could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The Group enters into derivative transactions for trading purposes as well as for hedging purposes. The Group is 
subject to market, credit and operational risks associated with these transactions, including basis risk (the risk of 
loss associated with variations in the spread between the asset yield and the funding and/or hedge cost) and credit 
or default risk (the risk of insolvency or other inability of the counterparty to a particular transaction to perform 
its obligations thereunder, including providing sufficient collateral). 
Market practices and documentation for derivative transactions differ by country. In addition, the execution and 
performance of these transactions depend on the Group's ability to maintain adequate control and administration 
systems. Moreover, the Group's ability to adequately monitor, analyse and report derivative transactions continues

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 51 - 
to depend, largely, on its information technology systems. These factors further increase the risks associated with 
these transactions and could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
At 31 December 2022, the notional value of the trading derivatives in the books of the Group amounted to EUR 
6,463,470 million (with a market value of EUR 67,002 million of debit balance and EUR 64,891 million of credit 
balance). 
At 31 December 2022, the nominal value of the hedging derivatives in the books of the Group within its financial 
risk management strategy and with the aim of reducing asymmetries in the accounting treatment of its operations 
amounted to EUR 386,843 million (with market value of EUR 8,069 million in assets and EUR 9,228 million in 
liabilities). 
Risks related to the industry of the Group 
Goodwill impairments may be required in relation to acquired businesses 
The Group has made business acquisitions in recent years and may make further acquisitions in the future. It is 
possible that the goodwill which has been attributed, or may be attributed, to these businesses may have to be 
written-down if Group's valuation assumptions are required to be reassessed as a result of any deterioration in 
their underlying profitability, asset quality and other relevant matters. Impairment testing in respect of goodwill 
is performed annually, or more frequently if there are impairment indicators present, and comprises a comparison 
of the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. Goodwill impairment does not, 
however, affect the regulatory capital of the Group. In 2020, considering the economic and business environment 
resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, the Group recognised an impairment of goodwill of EUR 10,100 million 
(of which EUR 6,101 million corresponds to Santander UK, EUR 1,192 million to Santander Bank Polska S.A., 
EUR 1,177 million to Santander Bank, National Association, EUR 1,153 million to Santander Consumer USA, 
and EUR 277 million to Santander Consumer Nordics). In 2021 the Group recognised an impairment of goodwill 
of EUR 6 million while no impairment was recognised in 2022. There can be no assurances that the Group will 
not have to write down the value attributed to goodwill in the future, which would adversely affect its results and 
net assets. 
Changes in the pension liabilities and obligations of the Group could have a material adverse effect on it 
The Group provides retirement benefits for many of its former and current employees through a number of defined 
benefit pension plans. The Group calculates the amount of its defined benefit obligations using actuarial 
techniques and assumptions, including mortality rates, the rate of increase of salaries, discount rates, inflation, the 
expected rate of return on plan assets, and others. The accounting and disclosures are based on IFRS-IASB and 
on those other requirements defined by the local supervisors. Given the nature of these obligations, changes in the 
assumptions that support valuations, including market conditions, can result in actuarial losses which would in 
turn impact the financial condition of the Group's pension funds. Because pension obligations are generally long 
term obligations, fluctuations in interest rates have a material impact on the projected costs of its defined benefit 
obligations and therefore on the amount of pension expense that it accrues. 
Any increase in the current size of the funding deficit in the Group's defined benefit pension plans could result in 
the Group having to make increased contributions to reduce or satisfy the deficits, which would divert resources 
from use in other areas of its business. Any such increase may be due to certain factors over which the Group has 
no or limited control. Increases in its pension liabilities and obligations could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
At 31 December 2022, the provision for pensions and other obligations of the Group amounted to EUR 3,342 
million. 
The Group depends in part upon dividends and other funds from subsidiaries 
Some of the Group's operations are conducted through its financial services subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to 
pay dividends, to the extent the Group decides to do so, depends in part on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate 
earnings and to pay dividends. Payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group's subsidiaries will 
be contingent upon their earnings and business considerations and is or may be limited by legal, regulatory and 
contractual restrictions. For instance, the repatriation of dividends from its Argentinian subsidiaries have been 
subject to certain restrictions. Additionally, the Group's right to receive any assets of any of its subsidiaries as an 
equity holder of such subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganisation will be effectively subordinated to the 
claims of its subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors. The Group also has to comply with increased capital

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 52 - 
requirements, which could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on Discretionary Payments 
including the payment of dividends and other distributions to the Group by its subsidiaries. 
In 2020, given the uncertainty about the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the ECB, the Prudential 
Regulation Authority of the UK and the Federal Reserve of the US, imposed limitations on the distribution of 
dividends which were in force until the third quarter of 2021. Since then, supervisors assess the capital and 
dividend distribution plans for each entity as part of their regular supervisory process and make individualised 
recommendations. 
To the extent that these recommendations, or other similar measures that may be taken by supervisory authorities 
from other regions, are applied by some of the subsidiaries of the Group, it could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
At 31 December 2022, dividend income for the Issuer represented 58 per cent. of its total income. 
Increased competition, including from non-traditional providers of banking services such as financial technology 
providers, and industry consolidation may adversely affect the Group's results of operations 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other domestic and foreign 
banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and 
purchasers of loans. 
In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in the banking industry, which has created larger banks 
with which the Group must now compete. There can be no assurance that this increased competition will not 
adversely affect its growth prospects, and therefore its operations. The Group also faces competition from non-
bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores (for some credit products), leasing and 
factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management companies and insurance companies. 
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as Internet based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone 
companies and Internet search engines may offer and/or increase their offerings of financial products and services 
directly to customers. These non-traditional providers of banking services currently have an advantage over 
traditional providers because they are not subject to banking regulation. Several of these competitors may have 
long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and 
other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more resources to technology, 
infrastructure and marketing.  
New competitors may enter the market or existing competitors may adjust their services with unique product or 
service offerings or approaches to providing banking services. If the Group is unable to successfully compete with 
current and new competitors, or if it is unable to anticipate and adapt its offerings to changing banking industry 
trends, including technological changes, its business may be adversely affected. In addition, the Group's failure to 
effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer behaviour, including among 
younger customers, could delay or prevent its access to new digital-based markets, which would in turn have an 
adverse effect on its competitive position and business. Furthermore, the widespread adoption of new 
technologies, including distributed ledger, artificial intelligence and/or biometrics, to provide services such as 
digital currencies, cryptocurrencies and payments, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt the 
existing products and services of the Group as it continues to grow its Internet and mobile banking capabilities 
and could entail new direct risks (including financial and non-financial risks) and indirect risks related to loss of 
business opportunities. Its customers may choose to conduct business or offer products in areas that may be 
considered speculative or risky. Such new technologies and mobile banking platforms in recent years could 
negatively impact the value of the investments of the Group in bank premises, equipment and personnel for its 
branch network. The persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards Internet and mobile banking may 
necessitate changes to its retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches 
and restructuring its remaining branches and work force. These actions could lead to losses on these assets and 
may lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a number of its remaining branches or to 
otherwise reform its retail distribution channel. Furthermore, the failure of the Group to implement such changes 
to its distribution strategy swiftly and effectively could have an adverse effect its competitive position. As part of 
these restructuring processes, in 2021 the Group faced costs for a net impact of EUR -530 million, mainly in the 
UK and Portugal, while no restructuring costs were accounted for in 2022.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 53 - 
In particular, the Group faces the challenge to compete in an ecosystem where the relationship with the consumer 
is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms who 
are already eroding its results in very relevant markets such as payments. This privileged access to data can be 
used as a leverage to compete with the Group in other adjacent markets and may reduce its operations and margins 
in core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The alliances that its competitors are starting to build 
with large technology firms can make it more difficult for the Group to successfully compete with them and could 
adversely affect it. 
Increasing competition could also require that the Group increases its rates offered on deposits or lower the rates 
it charges on loans, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Group, including its profitability. It 
may also negatively affect its business results and prospects by, among other things, limiting its ability to increase 
its customer base and expand its operations and increasing competition for investment opportunities. 
If the Group's customer service levels were perceived by the market to be materially below those of its competitor 
financial institutions, the Group could lose existing and potential business. If the Group is not successful in 
retaining and strengthening customer relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its 
activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
If the Group is unable to manage the growth of its operations, to integrate successfully its inorganic growth, or 
to execute successfully any of its strategic actions this could have an adverse impact on its profitability 
The Group allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic growth, and to 
identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its businesses. From time to time, the Group 
evaluates acquisition and partnership opportunities that it believes offer additional value to its shareholders and 
are consistent with its business strategy. However, the Group may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or 
partnership candidates, and its ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and partnerships will depend in part 
on its successful integration of those businesses. Any such integration entails significant risks such as unforeseen 
difficulties in integrating operations and systems, unexpected liabilities or contingencies relating to the acquired 
businesses, including legal claims and delivery and execution risks. The Group can give no assurances that its 
expectations with regards to integration and synergies will materialise. It also cannot provide assurance that the 
Group will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives. 
Challenges that may result from its strategic growth decisions include the ability of the Group to manage 
efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses, maintain or grow its existing customer base, 
assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates, including local regulation that 
can reduce or eliminate expected synergies, finance strategic investments or acquisitions, align its current 
information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged group, apply its risk management policy 
effectively to an enlarged group, and manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management 
or losing key personnel. 
Any failure to manage growth effectively or to execute successfully any of the Group’s strategic actions could 
have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects.  
In addition, any acquisition or venture could result in the loss of key employees and inconsistencies in standards, 
controls, procedures and policies. 
Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part be subject to a number of political, 
economic and other factors that are beyond the control of the Group. Any of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
For example, in 2022, the acquisition was closed By Santander Holdings USA of Amherst Pierpont Securities, an 
independent broker of fixed income and products Structured in the United States being in the process of Integration 
with the Group. In addition, although the integration of Banco Popular (merged in September 2018) it is 
completed, there are some related pending aspects with this operation.

--- Page 54 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 54 - 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
This Investment Considerations section sets out important information and considerations in relation to the Notes 
which prospective investors should take into account prior to making an investment decision. 
Considerations Relating to the Notes Generally 
Considerations in relation to the Specific Buy-Back Provisions 
Investors should be aware that the Specific Buy-Back Provisions will not affect the right of the investors to receive 
timely payments of principal and interest on the Notes. In consideration of the Issuer being able to maintain the 
notional Underlying Transactions in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will pay an Extra-Yield on the Notes (as such 
term is defined in Condition 6(m)(ii)). 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Any change in the Underlying Transactions or their market 
value may materially adversely affect the Buy-Back Price payable in respect of Notes in relation to which the 
Specific Buy-Back Provisions apply" for further information on the risks relating to the Specific Buy-Back 
Provisions. 
Considerations in relation to Global Notes or Global Note Certificates held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may 
be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates. Such Global Notes or Global Note 
Certificates, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, will be (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in the case of Registered Notes) registered in the name of a common depositary or, 
as the case may be, common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except 
in the limited circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Note Certificate, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. 
Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants, will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, as applicable. While the Notes 
are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing system and their respective participants Notes are held. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, the Issuer will discharge 
their payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing system. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or 
Global Note Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right to vote 
in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right under the Global Notes or Global Note 
Certificates to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but 
will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Considerations in relation to Definitive Registered Notes  
Where the Notes are issued in definitive registered form, a Noteholder’s title to the Notes depends on entry of 
such Noteholder’s name in a register kept by the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer, rather than possession of the 
Definitive Registered Note. The Definitive Registered Note that a Noteholder receives is not a document of title, 
but evidence that such Noteholder’s name has been entered in the register. Investors should be aware that a 
Definitive Registered Note is transferable by execution of a written transfer instrument and it is not considered a 
negotiable instrument under English law.

--- Page 55 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 55 - 
Additional information on the development of SONIA and €STR as reference rates 
In connection with the development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term).  
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR and to provide a fallback by reference 
to a euro risk free rate. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended €STR as 
the new risk free rate. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group published a set of 
guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without 
incorporating robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, 
the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. On 11 October 2023 the European Money Markets Institute released a consultation paper proposing 
further changes to the EURIBOR methodology. EMMI believes that these enhancements will mean that EMMI 
continues to provide an accurate and representative benchmark, whilst streamlining operational processes for 
panel banks. 
Additional considerations associated with Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although 
the New York Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should 
not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the 
initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
by reference to SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes that reference SOFR will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued 
SOFR-linked debt securities as a result.  
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates 
based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes that reference SOFR. 
Considerations Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Considerations in relation to regulatory consequences for a holder of Reference Item Linked Notes 
There may be regulatory and other consequences associated with the ownership by certain investors of certain 
Reference Item Linked Notes. Each purchaser of Notes must conduct its own investigation into its regulatory 
position with respect to the potential purchase of Notes, and the Issuer assumes no obligation or liability 
whatsoever to such purchaser in such regard. 
Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or 
charges may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in countries where the Reference Item Linked 
Notes are transferred, or elsewhere. 
The considerations set out under this "Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes" 
section do not consider the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential 
purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should note that the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference 
Item Linked Notes may be different (and in some cases significantly different) from these considerations.

--- Page 56 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 56 - 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult 
their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax laws and regulations 
and their application and interpretation by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, 
it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Considerations Relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
Considerations relating to whether an investment in Inflation Linked Notes is suitable for a particular investor 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in its particular 
circumstances. An investment in Inflation Linked Notes requires a thorough understanding of the nature of the 
relevant transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with respect to an investment in the Inflation 
Linked Notes and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in Inflation Linked Notes is only suitable for potential investors who: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Inflation Linked Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference into this document; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact the Notes will 
have on their overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of 
an Inflation Index and any relevant underlying component and financial markets; 
(d) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Inflation Linked Notes until the 
maturity date of the Inflation Linked Notes; 
(e) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Inflation Linked Notes for a substantial period 
of time, if at all, before the maturity date; and 
(f) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investment in the Inflation Linked Notes 
and the investor's risks. 
Inflation Linked Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Inflation Linked Notes unless such potential investor has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate how the Inflation Linked Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Inflation Linked Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Risks Relating to Inflation Linked Notes" for information on the 
risks relating to these types of investment. 
Considerations relating to exchange rates and exchange controls 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an investment in 
Inflation Linked Notes that are denominated or payable in, or the return on which is linked to values for a relevant 
underlying component or index denominated in a currency other than the currency of the country in which such 
investor resides or in which such investor conducts its business, which is referred to as their home currency. Such 
Inflation Linked Notes are not appropriate investments for investors who are not sophisticated in foreign currency 
transactions.  
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or 
return of the Inflation Linked Notes" for information on the risks relating to such an investment.

--- Page 57 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 57 - 
Legal and Regulatory Considerations 
Considerations in relation to Spanish Taxation 
Royal Decree Law 8/2014, of 4 July, introduced a 0.03% tax on bank deposits in Spain. This tax is payable 
annually by Spanish banks. There can be no assurance that additional national or transnational bank levies or 
financial transaction taxes will not be adopted by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank operates. 
Considerations related to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, income payments in respect of the Notes 
will be made without withholding tax in Spain. The Issuer is required pursuant to Spanish law to provide certain 
information regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent have 
arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer will 
withhold Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any income due under the above-mentioned 
Notes (as applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided and will not gross up payments 
in respect of any such withholding tax.  
The Agency Agreement provides that the Principal Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the 
relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be 
modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, 
regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing system rules or procedures 
or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in 
connection with Payments – Taxation in Spain". Neither the Issuer nor the Principal Paying Agent assume any 
responsibility therefore. 
Notwithstanding the above, and if despite the selling restriction to individuals who are resident in Spain, the Notes 
are held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or 
custodian, payments in respect of such Notes (and, under certain circumstances, to Spanish entities subject to 
Corporate Income Tax) may be subject to withholding by such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 
per cent. The Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. In addition, in the case of 
Implicit Yield Notes including those with a duration of more than 12 months, in order for the Issuer to reimburse 
them, the holders are required to provide the Issuer with the legally required certificate issued by a Spanish 
financial institution or established in Spain which accredits the prior acquisition of such Implicit Yield Notes and 
the corresponding acquisition price. In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in the case of failure to 
provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. The Issuer 
will not gross up payments in respect of any withholding tax arising from said Implicit Yield Notes. 
Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
Capital requirements, liquidity, funding and structural reform 
The Issuer, as a Spanish financial institution, is subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013) ("CRR") and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU) ("CRD IV"). through 
which the EU began implementing the Basel III capital reforms from 1 January 2014. While the CRD IV required 
national transposition, the CRR was directly applicable in all the EU member states. This regulation is 
complemented by several binding technical standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority 
("EBA"), directly applicable in all EU member states, without the need for national implementation measures. 
The implementation of the CRD IV into Spanish law has taken place through Royal Decree Law 14/2013 and 
Law 10/2014, Royal Decree 84/2015, Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014 and Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016. 
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, CRD IV as well as the European Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) ("BRRD") and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
("SRM Regulation") came into force: (i) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending CRD IV with respect to exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures 
("CRD V"); (ii) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending BRRD with respect to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"); (iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR with respect to the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and

--- Page 58 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 58 - 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 648/2012 ("CRR II"); and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation with respect to the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II", and together with 
CRD V, BRRD II and CRR II, the "EU Banking Reforms"). 
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a 
new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but 
before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 Instruments and Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the MREL framework and the integration of the TLAC 
standard into EU legislation as mentioned above.  
With respect to the European Commission's proposal to create a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt, 
on 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the European Union and sets 
forth a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the issuance by credit 
institutions of senior "non-preferred" instruments. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, approving 
urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior "non-preferred" debt. 
CRD V Directive and BRRD II were partially implemented into Spanish law through Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, 
of 27 April, (RDL 7/2021) which has amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 and Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on 
the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Law 11/2015). Furthermore, Royal 
Decree 970/2021, of 8 November, amended Royal Decree 84/2015, and Circulars 5/2021 and 3/2022 of the Bank 
of Spain, which amended Circular 2/2016, completed the implementation into Spanish law of CRD V. In addition, 
Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November, amended Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, which 
implemented Law 11/2015 (Royal Decree 1012/2015) and completed the implementation of CRD V and BRRD 
II. Of note, however, is the uncertainty regarding how the EU Banking Reforms will be applied by the relevant 
authorities. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals to amend CRR and the CRD IV, 
as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend CRR and BRRD in the area of resolution. In particular, the 
main objectives of the European Commission’s legislative proposals are to strengthen the risk-based capital 
framework, enhance the focus on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") risks in the prudential 
framework, further harmonise supervisory powers and tools and reduce institutions’ administrative costs related 
to public disclosures and to improve access to institutions’ prudential data. Moreover, these legislative proposals 
include the following: (i) a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending CRD IV with 
respect to supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and environmental, social and governance risks; 
(ii) a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council and its annex amending CRR with respect to  
requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor; 
and (iii) a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending CRR and BRRD with respect to  
the prudential treatment of global systemically important institutions with a multiple point of entry resolution 
strategy and a methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the so-called "daisy chain" proposal). The European Parliament 
and the Council adopted on 19 October 2022 Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 amending CRR and BRRD, which 
partially started to apply on 14 November 2022. The timing for the final implementation of these legislative 
proposals is unclear as of the date of this Base Prospectus and new or amended elements may be introduced 
through the course of the legislative process. Furthermore, with respect to (i) above, the Directive will need to be 
implemented in each of the Member States, and the way it will be implemented may vary depending on the 
relevant Member State. 
Credit institutions, such as the Bank, are required, on a standalone and consolidated basis, to hold a minimum 
amount of regulatory capital of 8% of risk weighted assets (of which at least 4.5% must be Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET1) capital and at least 6% must be Tier 1 capital). In addition to the minimum regulatory capital 
requirements, the CRD IV also introduced five capital buffer requirements that must be met with CET1 capital: 
(1) the capital conservation buffer for unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of up to 2.5% of total risk 
weighted assets; (2) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer (consisting of the weighted average of 
the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where the relevant credit exposures are 
located), which may require as much as additional CET1 capital of 2.5% of total risk weighted assets or higher 
pursuant to the requirements set by the competent authority; (3) the G-SIIs buffer requiring additional CET1 which 
shall be not less than 1% of risk weighted assets; (4) the other systemically important institutions buffer, which 
may be as much as 2% of risk weighted assets; and (5) the CET1 systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or

--- Page 59 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 59 - 
macroprudential risks of at least 1% of risk weighted assets (to be set by the competent authority). Entities are 
required to comply with the 'combined buffer requirement' (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation 
buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution) the systemic 
risk buffer, the G-SIIs buffer and the other systemically important institutions (O-SII) buffer, in each case as 
applicable to the institution). Under the CRD V, where an institution is subject to a systemic risk buffer, that buffer 
will be cumulative with the applicable G-SIIs buffer or the other systemically important institution buffer. 
While the capital conservation buffer and the G-SII buffer are mandatory, the Bank of Spain has greater discretion 
in relation to the counter-cyclical capital buffer, the O-SII buffer and the systemic risks buffer. The ECB also has 
the ability to provide certain recommendations in this respect. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of additional 
CET1 capital of 2.5% of risk weighted assets, a G-SII / O-SII buffer of additional CET1 capital of 1.25% of risk 
weighted assets and a counter-cyclical capital buffer of additional CET1 capital of 0.3693% of risk weighted 
assets. On 13 December 2023 the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the countercyclical buffer applicable to credit 
exposures in Spain at 0% for the first quarter of 2024. 
Moreover, article 104 of the CRD IV, as implemented by Article 68 of Law 10/2014, and similarly Article 16 of 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning 
policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the SSM Regulation), also contemplate that in 
addition to the minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements and any applicable capital buffer, supervisory authorities 
may impose further Pillar 2 capital requirements to cover other risks, including those risks incurred by the 
individual institutions due to their activities not considered to be fully captured by the minimum capital 
requirements under the CRD IV and CRR, which should be set according to the specific situation of an institution 
excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to their 
activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk profile 
of an individual institution). This may result in the imposition of additional capital requirements on the Bank 
and/or the Group pursuant to this Pillar 2 framework.  
In accordance with Articles 104a and b of the CRD V, as implemented in Spain by Article 69 and 69bis of Law 
10/2014, that the institutions specific Pillar 2 capital shall consist of two parts: Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 
guidance. Pillar 2 requirements are binding, and breaches can have direct legal consequences for banks, while 
Pillar 2 guidance is not directly binding and a failure to meet Pillar 2 guidance does not automatically trigger legal 
action, even though the ECB expects banks to meet Pillar 2 guidance. Failure to comply with the Pillar 2 guidance 
is not relevant for the purposes of triggering the automatic restriction of the distribution and calculation of the 
'Maximum Distributable Amount' (as defined below) but, in addition to certain other measures, competent 
authorities are entitled to impose further Pillar 2 capital requirements where an institution repeatedly fails to follow 
the Pillar 2 capital guidance previously imposed. 
Although CRR and CRD V do not require disclosure of the Pillar 2 guidance, the Market Abuse Regulation 
(MAR) ESMA Guidelines on delay in the disclosure of inside information and interaction with prudential 
supervision, as amended on 5 January 2022, provide that Pillar 2 guidance may be inside information if, for 
example, the difference between the Pillar 2 guidance and the institution’s level of capital is not minor and is 
likely to involve a major reaction by the institution, such as a capital increase; or if the institution’s Pillar 2 
guidance is not in line with market expectations. To the extent that Pillar 2 guidance constitutes inside information, 
it will need to be disclosed pursuant to the obligations applicable to the Bank contained in Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 of April 16, 2014, on market abuse. 
In addition to the above, the EBA published on 19 December 2014 its final guidelines for common procedures 
and methodologies in respect of its supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"), as revised on 18 March 
2022 with the aim of implementing the amendments to the CRD V Directive and CRR II and promoting 
convergence towards best supervisory practices (the "EBA SREP Guidelines"). Included in this were the EBA's 
proposed guidelines for a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 
capital requirements implemented on 1 January 2016. Under these guidelines, national supervisors must set a 
composition requirement for the Pillar 2 additional capital requirements to cover certain specified risks of at least 
56% CET1 capital and at least 75% Tier 1 capital. Under Article 104(a) of CRD V (implemented into Spanish 
law by Article 94.6 of Royal Decree 84/2015), EU banks are now allowed to meet Pillar 2 requirements with these 
minimum proportions of CET1 capital and tier 1 capital.  
The EBA SREP Guidelines also contemplate that national supervisors should not set additional capital 
requirements in respect of risks which are already covered by capital buffer requirements and/or additional

--- Page 60 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 60 - 
macroprudential requirements; and, accordingly, the above 'combined buffer requirement' is in addition to the 
Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements. Therefore capital buffers would be the first layer of capital to be eroded 
pursuant to the applicable stacking order, as set out in the 'Opinion of the EBA on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 
2 and combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions' published on 16 December 2015. In this 
regard, under Article 141 of the CRD IV, Member States of the EU must require that an institution that fails to 
meet the 'combined buffer requirement', be prohibited from paying any 'Discretionary Payments' (which are 
defined broadly by the CRD IV as payments relating to CET1, variable remuneration and discretionary pension 
benefits and distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 Instruments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes)), until it calculates its applicable restrictions and communicates them to the regulator. Thereafter, any such 
Discretionary Payments shall be subject to such restrictions. The restrictions shall be scaled according to the extent 
of the breach of the 'combined buffer requirement' and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution 
since the last distribution of profits or 'Discretionary Payment'. Such calculation shall result in a Maximum 
Distributable Amount in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the 
'combined buffer requirement', no 'discretionary distributions' will be permitted to be paid. Articles 43 to 49 of 
Law 10/2014 and Chapter II of Title II of Royal Decree 84/2015 implement the above provisions in Spain. In 
particular, Article 48 of Law 10/2014 and Articles 73 and 74 of Royal Decree 84/2014 deal with restrictions on 
distributions. Furthermore, pursuant to article 16bis of Law 11/2015 and article 48ter of Law 10/2014, the 
calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount, as well as consequences of, and pending, such calculation 
could also take place as a result of the breach of MREL and a breach of the leverage ratio buffer requirement. 
CRD V further clarifies that Pillar 2 requirements should be positioned in the relevant stacking order of own funds 
requirements above the Pillar 1 capital requirements and below the "combined buffer requirement" or the leverage 
ratio buffer requirement, as applicable. In addition, CRD V also clarifies that Pillar 2 requirements should be set 
in relation to the specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the 
risks incurred by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain 
economic and market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution). Under Article 104(a) of CRD 
V (implemented into Spanish law by Article 94.6 of Royal Decree 84/2015), EU banks are now allowed to meet 
Pillar 2 requirements with these minimum proportions of CET1 capital and Tier 1 Capital. 
The Issuer announced on 22 December 2022 that it had received from the ECB its decision regarding the 
prudential minimum capital requirements effective as of 1 January 2023, following the results of SREP. The ECB 
decision required the Group to maintain a CET1 ratio of at least 8.91 per cent. on a consolidated basis. This 8.91 
per cent. capital requirement includes: the minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.); the Pillar 2 requirements 
(0.89 per cent.); the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.); the requirement deriving from its consideration of 
the Bank as a G-SII (1.0 per cent.) and the counter-cyclical buffer (0.0253 per cent.). The ECB decision also 
requires that the Group maintains a CET1 capital ratio of at least 7.85 per cent. on an individual basis. As of 31 
December 2022, on a consolidated basis, the Group’s total capital ratio was 15.99 per cent. while its CET1 ratio 
was 12.18 per cent. If the Group did not apply the transitory IFRS 9 provisions, nor the subsequent amendments 
introduced by Regulation 2020/873 of the EU, the fully-loaded CET1 ratio would have been 12.04 per cent. 
As described above, Santander maintains a surplus of capital over these requirements, both at a consolidated and 
an individual level. Therefore, these capital requirements do not imply any limitation on Discretionary Payments, 
including to holders of Santander’s Additional Tier 1 Instruments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes). In addition to the above, the CRR also contains a binding 3 per cent. Tier 1 leverage ratio ("LR") 
requirement, and which institutions must meet in addition and separately to their risk-based requirements. 
Moreover, Article 92.1a of CRR includes a leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs to be met with Tier 1 Capital and set 
at 50% of the applicable risk weighted G-SIIs buffer and that is in force since 1 January 2023. Pursuant to Article 
141b of the CRD IV and Article 48ter of Law 10/2014, G-SIIs are also obliged to determine their Maximum 
Distributable Amount and restrict Discretionary Payments where they do not meet the leverage ratio buffer 
requirement under Article 92.1a of CRR.  
Under Article 92a of CRR, institutions such as the Bank that are identified as resolution entities and are G-SII 
shall satisfy the following requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities: (a) 18 per cent of risk weighted 
assets, and (b) 6.75 per cent. of its leverage ratio exposure (the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs). 
On top of that, Article 45 of the BRRD provides that Member States shall ensure that institutions meet, at all 
times, a minimum MREL requirement (the "TLAC/MREL Requirements").  
The EU Banking Reforms integrate the total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") standard into the existing MREL 
rules and to ensure that both requirements are met with the largely similar instruments, with the exception of the 
subordination requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and determined by the resolution authority.

--- Page 61 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 61 - 
Therefore, institutions such as the Bank could be subject to an institution-specific TLAC/MREL requirement, 
which may be higher than the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs. 
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit entity 
(its application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution following a 
Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD II together 
with CRR II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two different ratios (i) a 
risk ratio (percentage of total risk weighted assets of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of 
the resolution entity’s total exposure), as well as empower the Relevant Resolution Authority to authorise or 
require (a) complying with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (which was not foreseen in 
the previous MREL rules) and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity can be 
subject to Bail-in. 
MREL application is also subject to a different regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource 
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIIs, "top tier" entities (which are 
not G-SIIs with aggregated asset volume of over EUR 100 billion), O-SIIs (which are institutions that, due to their 
systemic importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution institutions. 
In particular, G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and O-SIIs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18% (including the combined 
buffer requirements under CRD IV), and 13% of risk weighted assets and 6.75% and 5% of leverage exposure, 
respectively for G-SIIs and "top tier" banks and O-SIIs. These requirements are complemented by further Pillar 2 
requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis for the rest of the resolution institutions. 
The EU Banking Reforms have introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL Rules ensuring technical 
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Since 1 January 2022, the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements are fully applicable (a 18% minimum TLAC requirement). 
According to Article 16.a) of the BRRD, any failure by an institution to meet the 'combined buffer requirement' 
when considered in addition to the applicable minimum TLAC/MREL Requirements is intended to be treated in 
a similar manner as a failure to meet the 'combined buffer requirement' on top of its minimum regulatory capital 
requirements (i.e. a resolution authority will have the power to impose restrictions or prohibitions on Discretionary 
Payments by the Bank). The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine month grace period, 
whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers, after such nine-
month period the resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power to restrict Discretionary Payments (subject 
to certain limited exceptions). These restrictions have been implemented in Spain by means of Article 16bis of 
Law 11/2015.  
The Bank announced on 20 May 2022 that it had received formal notification from the Bank of Spain of its binding 
minimum MREL requirement, both total and subordinated, for the Resolution Group at a sub-consolidated level, 
as determined by the SRB. The requirement became effective on 1 January 2022 and replaced the previously 
applicable one. The total MREL requirement was set at 30.32% for 2024 and at 28.95% as intermediate target for 
2022 of the Resolution Group’s total risk weighted assets. The subordination requirement was set at 9.04%. As of 
31 December 2022 the structure of own funds and eligible liabilities of the Resolution Group met the intermediate 
target of the requirement determined by the SRB effective 1 January 2022, and its funding plan has been built to 
further strengthen MREL ratio and to comply with the final requirement determined by the SRB. Future 
requirements are subject to ongoing review by the resolution authority. 
Additionally, the Basel Committee is currently in the process of reviewing and issuing recommendations in 
relation to risk asset weightings which may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny of risk asset weightings in the 
jurisdictions that are members of the Basel Committee. 
In addition to the above, the Group shall also comply with the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and the net stable 
funding ratio ("NSFR") requirements provided in the CRR. According to article 460.2 of CRR, the LCR was 
progressively introduced since 2015 with the following phasing-in: (a) 60% of the LCR in 2015; (b) 70% as of 1 
January 2016; (c) 80% as of 1 January 2017; and (d) 100% as of 1 January 2018. As of 31 December 2021, the 
Group’s LCR was 152%, above the 100% minimum requirement. In relation to the NSFR, the institutions shall 
maintain from 28 June 2021 an NSFR (calculated in accordance with Title IV of the CRR) of at least 100%. As 
of 31 December 2022, the Group's NSFR was 121%, above the 100% minimum requirement.

--- Page 62 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 62 - 
EU fiscal and banking union 
The project of achieving a European banking union was launched in the summer of 2012. Its main goal is to 
resume progress towards the European single market for financial services by restoring confidence in the European 
banking sector and ensuring the proper functioning of monetary policy in the eurozone. 
The banking union is expected to be achieved through new harmonised banking rules (the single rulebook) and a 
new institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution that will be 
managed at the European level. Its two main pillars are the SSM and the Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM"). 
The SSM (comprised by both the ECB and the national competent authorities) is designed to assist in making the 
banking sector more transparent, unified and safer. In accordance with the SSM Regulation, the ECB fully 
assumed its new supervisory responsibilities within the SSM, in particular direct supervision of the largest 
European banks (including the Group), on 4 November 2014. 
The SSM represented a significant change in the approach to bank supervision at a European and global level, 
and resulted in the direct supervision by the ECB of the largest financial institutions, including the Group, and 
indirect supervision of around 3,500 financial institutions and is now one of the largest in the world in terms of 
assets under supervision. In the coming years, the SSM is expected to continue working on the establishment of 
a new supervisory culture importing best practices from the 19 national competent authorities that are part of the 
SSM and promoting a level playing field across participating EU member states. Several steps have already been 
taken in this regard such as the publication of the Supervisory Guidelines; the approval of the Regulation (EU) 
No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014, establishing the framework for cooperation within the SSM between 
the ECB and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the SSM Framework 
Regulation); the approval of a Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/445 of the European Central Bank of 14 March 
2016 on the exercise of options and discretions available in Union law) and a set of guidelines on the application 
of the CRR's national options and discretions, etc. In addition, the SSM is an extra cost for the financial institutions 
that are required to fund its operations through payment of supervisory fees. 
The other main pillar of the EU banking union is the SRM, the main purpose of which is to ensure a prompt and 
coherent resolution of failing banks in Europe at minimum cost for the taxpayers and the real economy. The SRM 
Regulation establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of the SRM and a Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). Under the 
intergovernmental agreement ("IGA") signed by 26 EU member states on 21 May 2014, contributions by banks 
raised at national level were transferred to the SRF. The SRB, which is the central decision-making body of the 
SRM, started operating on 1 January 2015 and has fully assumed its resolution powers on 1 January 2016. The 
SRB is responsible for managing the SRF and its mission is to ensure that credit institutions and other entities 
under its oversight, which face serious difficulties, are resolved effectively with minimal costs to taxpayers and 
the real economy. From that date onwards, the SRF is also in place, funded by contributions from European banks 
in accordance with the methodology approved by the Council of the EU. The SRF is intended to reach a total 
amount of EUR 55 billion by 2024 and to be used as a separate backstop only after an 8% bail-in of a bank's 
liabilities has been applied to cover capital shortfalls (in line with the BRRD). 
In order to complete the banking union, a single deposit guarantee scheme is still needed, which may require a 
change to the existing European treaties. This is the subject of continued negotiation by European leaders to ensure 
further progress is made in European fiscal, economic and political integration. 
Global Minimum Tax 
On 22 December 2022, the European Commission approved Directive 2022/2523 ensuring a minimum effective 
tax rate for the global activities of large multinational groups. The Directive follows closely the OECD Inclusive 
Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, and should be transposed by the Member States into domestic 
law throughout 2023, entering into force on 1 January 2024. The OECD is working on the implementation guides 
and has recently approved a report on safe harbours in order to simplify the implementation of these rules. 
Banking Reform in the UK 
In accordance with the provisions of the Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013, UK banking groups that 
hold significant retail deposits, including Santander UK, were required to separate or "ring-fence" their retail 
banking activities from their wholesale banking activities by 1 January 2019.

--- Page 63 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 63 - 
Santander UK completed its ring-fencing plans in advance of the legislative deadline of 1 January 2019. However, 
given the complexity of the ring-fencing regulatory regime and the material impact on the way Santander UK 
conducts its business operations in the UK, there is a risk that Santander UK may be found to be in breach of one 
or more ring-fencing requirements. This might occur, for example, if prohibited business activities are found to 
be taking place within the ring-fence, mandated retail banking activities are found being carried on in a UK entity 
outside the ring-fenced part of the group or Santander UK breached a PRA ring-fencing rule. If Santander UK 
were found to be in breach of any of the ring-fencing requirements placed upon it under the ring-fencing regime, 
it could be subject to supervisory or enforcement action by the PRA, the consequences of which might include 
substantial financial penalties, imposition of a suspension or restriction on Santander UK's UK activities or, in the 
most serious of cases, forced restructuring of the UK group, entitling the PRA (subject to the consent of the UK 
government) to require the sale of a Santander ring-fenced bank or other parts of the UK group. Following HM 
Treasury's publication of the final report of the Independent Panel on Ring-Fencing and Proprietary Trading on 
15 March 2022, HM Treasury announced its intention to consult on certain limited reforms to the ring-fencing 
regime during 2023, alongside broader proposals to raise the threshold above which ringfencing requirements 
apply from £25 billion to £35 billion of retail deposits, and to align the ring-fencing regime with the UK resolution 
regime. These consultations may result in future changes to the regime or lead to further review or amendment of 
Santander UK's operational and compliance arrangements in relation to the regime. 
United States significant regulation 
The financial services industry continues to experience significant financial regulatory reform in the US, including 
from capital, leverage, funding, liquidity, and tax regulation, fiscal and monetary policies established by central 
banks and financial regulators, changes to global trade policies, and other legal and regulatory actions. Many of 
these reforms significantly affected and continue to affect the Group's revenues, costs and organizational structure 
in the US and the scope of the Group's permitted activities. The Group continues to monitor the changing political, 
tax and regulatory environment in the US. The Group believes that it is likely that there will be further material 
changes in the way major financial institutions, like the Issuer, are regulated in the US. The scope of regulation 
and the intensity of supervision will likely remain higher under the Biden Administration, including increased 
scrutiny and supervision by the Group's regulators. Although it remains difficult to predict the exact impact these 
changes will have on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for a particular 
future period, further reforms could result in loss of revenue, higher compliance costs, additional limits on the 
Group's activities, constraints on the Group's ability to enter into new businesses and other adverse effects on the 
Group's businesses. 
The full impact on the Group of pending or future US financial services legislation or regulations cannot be fully 
known; however, the impact could be material and the Group could be materially and adversely affected by them. 
Anti-Money Laundering and economic sanctions 
A major focus of US, UK and EU governmental policy relating to financial institutions is aimed at preventing 
money laundering and terrorist financing. In the US, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT 
Act of 2001 and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2021, contains provisions intended to detect and prevent the 
use of the US financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. Under the Bank Secrecy 
Act, US financial institutions, including US branches and subsidiaries of non-US banks, are required to, among 
other things, maintain an anti-money laundering ("AML") program, verify the identity of clients, identify and 
verify the beneficial owners of certain legal entity clients, conduct ongoing customer due diligence, monitor for 
and report suspicious transactions, report on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and respond to 
requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. The Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the US Department of the Treasury and US federal and state bank regulatory agencies, 
as well as the US Department of Justice, have the authority to impose significant civil monetary penalties for 
violations of those requirements. Similar approaches to preventing money laundering exist in the UK and the EU 
through their own respective competent authorities on anti-money laundering/countering the financing of 
terrorism ("AML/CFT"). 
There is also scrutiny of compliance with applicable US, UK and EU economic sanctions against certain foreign 
countries, governments, individuals and entities to counter threats to respective US, UK or EU national security, 
foreign policy, or the economy. In the US, economic sanctions are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control ("OFAC") of the US Department of the Treasury. OFAC-administered sanctions take many different 
forms. For example, sanctions may include: (1) restrictions on US persons' trade with or investment in a sanctioned 
country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and 
prohibitions on US persons engaging in financial transactions relating to, making investments in, or providing

--- Page 64 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 64 - 
investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (2) blocking of assets of targeted 
governments or "specially designated nationals", by prohibiting transfers of property subject to US jurisdiction, 
including property in the possession or control of US persons. Blocked assets, such as property and bank deposits, 
cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. In addition, 
non-US persons can be liable for "causing" a sanctions violation by a US person or can violate US sanctions by 
exporting services from the US to a sanctions target, for example by engaging in transactions with targets of US 
sanctions denominated in US dollars that clear through US financial institutions (including through US branches 
or subsidiaries of non-US banks).  In addition, the US government has imposed various sanctions that prevent 
non-US persons, including non-US financial institutions, from engaging in certain activities undertaken outside 
the US and without the involvement of any US persons ("secondary sanctions"). If a non-US financial institution 
were determined to have engaged in activities targeted by certain US secondary sanctions, it could lose its ability 
to open or maintain correspondent or similar accounts with US financial institutions, among other potential 
consequences.

--- Page 65 ---
ISSUE OF NOTES 
- 65 - 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be, save in respect of 
the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in Applicable Transaction Terms to this Base Prospectus (the 
form of which is set out in "Pro Forma Final Terms" or "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" below) or, as the case 
may be, in a Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable).

--- Page 66 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 66 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
The annual report of the Issuer prepared for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 Annual 
Report"), which contains the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared under IFRS-EU for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 
Financial Statements"), together with the English language translation of the Auditor’s report, on pages 
501 to 810. 
The 2022 Annual Report was originally prepared in Spanish and all possible care has been taken to ensure 
that the English language translation is an accurate translation of the Spanish original version.  In case of 
any inconsistency between the English translation and the Spanish original version of the 2022 Annual 
Report and in all matters relating to the interpretation of information, views or opinions, the Spanish 
original version shall prevail.  
The 2022 Annual Report also sets out the description of the Issuer, as detailed in the table below 
reconciling the content of the sections containing this description with the corresponding page number(s) 
of the 2022 Annual Report). 
Available 
at: 
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/informe-
financiero-anual/2022/ifa-2022-consolidated-annual-financial-report-en.pdf;  
(2) 
The annual report of the Issuer prepared for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Annual 
Report"), which contains the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared under IFRS-EU for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 
Financial Statements"), together with the English language translation of the Auditor's report, on pages 
514 to 767. 
The 2021 Annual Report was originally prepared in Spanish and all possible care has been taken to ensure 
that the English language translation is an accurate translation of the Spanish original version. In case of 
any inconsistency between the English translation and the Spanish original version of the 2021 Annual 
Report and in all matters relating to the interpretation of information, views or opinions, the Spanish 
original version shall prevail. 
Available 
at: 
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/informe-
financiero-anual/2021/ifa-2021-consolidated-annual-financial-report-en.pdf; 
(3) 
The English language translation of the audited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer prepared under IFRS-EU for the six-month period ended June 2023, together with the relevant 
Independent Auditor’s Report (the "June 2023 Financial Statements"). 
Available at : https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/informacion-
publica-periodica-c-n-m-v-/2023/cnmv-2023-informe-financiero-semestral-1s-2023-en.pdf; and 
(4) 
The financial report of the Issuer prepared for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 (the "2023 
January-June Financial Report") 
Available 
at: 
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/resultados-
trimestrales/2023/2q/rt-2q-2023-banco-santander-financial-report-en.pdf.  
In relation to the June 2023 Financial Statements, the 2023 January-June financial Report, the 2022 Financial 
Statements, the 2021 Financial Statements, the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 Annual Report, any information 
not specified in the cross-reference tables set out below but which is included in the documents from which the 
information incorporated by reference has been derived, is for information purposes only and is not incorporated 
by reference because the Issuer considers that it is not relevant for the investor. 
The information on the corporate website of the Issuer (www.santander.com) does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and such information 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.

--- Page 67 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 67 - 
Issuer Annual Financial Information and Annual Report 
The tables below set out the relevant page references in the 2022 Annual Report, the 2021 Annual Report, the 
2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements where the following information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus can be found:  
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
2022 
Annual 
Report 
page 
reference(1) 
1. 
Independent Auditor's report on consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 
503-512 
2. 
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2022 and the comparative 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
513-517 
3. 
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 
the comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
518-519 
4. 
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 and the comparative consolidated financial information 
of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020  
520 
5. 
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 
521-526 
6. 
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 
2022 and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020  
527 
7. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
528-764 
8. 
2. Ownership structure  
CG 166-171(2) 
9. 
4. Board of directors  
CG 179-226(2) 
10. 
7. Group structure and internal governance  
CG 256-258(2) 
11. 
4. Financial information by segments  
EFR 356-398(3) 
12. 
8. Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)  
EFR 410-418(3) 
13. 
Glossary 
GL 497-500(4) 
14. 
General Information  
GI 808-809(5) 
 
Notes:  
(1) 
Not all the pages of the 2022 Annual Report are paginated continuously. See Notes below for detailed indications on where the relevant 
sections incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are located. 
(2) 
"CG" corresponds to the section entitled "Corporate Governance" of the 2022 Annual Report located immediately after the section 
entitled "Responsible banking" and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left or right corner, as applicable, 
of each page in such section. 
(3) 
"EFR" corresponds to the sub-section entitled "Economic Financial Review" of the 2022 Annual Report located immediately after the 
section entitled "Corporate governance" (see note (2) above) and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left 
or right corner, as applicable, of each page in such section. 
(4) 
"GL" corresponds to the sub-section entitled "Glossary" of the 2022 Annual Report located immediately after the section entitled "Risk 
management and compliance" and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left or right corner, as applicable, of 
each page in such section. 
(5) 
"GI" corresponds to the section entitled "General Information" of the 2022 Annual Report located immediately after the Glossary and 
the page reference is to the page number appearing in the bottom left of such section.

--- Page 68 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 68 - 
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
page 
reference(2) 
1. 
Independent Auditor's report on consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
514-524 
2. 
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2021 and the comparative 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
525-528 
3. 
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
the comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
529-530 
4. 
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and the comparative consolidated financial information 
of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019  
531 
5. 
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 
532-537 
6. 
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019  
538-539 
7. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
540-766 
8. 
2. Ownership structure  
CG 188-192(2) 
9. 
4. Board of directors  
CG 200-246(2) 
10. 
7. Group structure and internal governance  
CG 273-275(2) 
11. 
4. Financial information by segments  
EFR 368-409(3) 
12. 
8. Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)  
EFR 421-429(3) 
13. 
Glossary 
GL 504-511(4) 
14. 
General Information  
GI 808-809(5) 
 
Notes:  
(1) 
Not all the pages of the 2021 Annual Report are paginated continuously. See Notes below for detailed indications on where the relevant 
sections incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are located. 
(2) 
"CG" corresponds to the section entitled "Corporate Governance" of the 2021 Annual Report located immediately after the section 
entitled "Responsible banking" and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left or right corner, as applicable, 
of each page in such section. 
(3) 
"EFR" corresponds to the sub-section entitled "Economic Financial Review" of the 2021 Annual Report located immediately after the 
section entitled "Corporate governance" (see note (2) above) and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left 
or right corner, as applicable, of each page in such section. 
(4) 
"GL" corresponds to the sub-section entitled "Glossary" of the 2021 Annual Report located immediately after the section entitled 
"Strategic risk" and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left or right corner, as applicable, of each page in 
such section. 
(5) 
"GI" corresponds to the section entitled "General Information" of the 2021 Annual Report located immediately after the Glossary and 
the page reference is to the page number appearing in the bottom left of such section. 
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
2022 Financial 
Statements 
page reference 
1. 
Independent Auditor’s report on consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
 
501-512 
2. 
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2022 and the comparative 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
 
513-517

--- Page 69 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 69 - 
3. 
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the 
comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
 
518-519 
4. 
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the year ended 
31 December 2022 and the comparative consolidated financial information of the 
Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
 
520 
5. 
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
 
521-526 
6. 
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
 
527-528 
7. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  
529-765 
 
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
2021 Financial 
Statements 
page reference 
1. 
Independent Auditor’s report on consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2021 
 
512-524 
2. 
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2021 and the comparative 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
 
525-528 
3. 
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
 
529-530 
4. 
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and the comparative consolidated financial information of the 
Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
 
531 
5. 
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
 
532-537  
6. 
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 2021 
and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
 
538-539 
7. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021  
540-766 
 
Issuer Interim Financial Information and Interim Report 
The tables below set out the relevant page references in the June 2023 Financial Statements and the 2023 January-
June Financial Report where the following information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be 
found:  
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
June 2023  
Financial 
Statements page 
reference(1) 
1. 
Auditor’s report on the interim condensed consolidated financial statements 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 .................................................. 
95-102 
2. 
Audited condensed consolidated balance sheets for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023 and the comparative consolidated financial information 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 ......................................... 
105-106 
3. 
Audited condensed consolidated income statements for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023 and the comparative consolidated financial information 
of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 .............................. 
107 
4. 
Audited condensed consolidated statements of recognised income and 
expense for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 and the comparative 
108

--- Page 70 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 70 - 
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
June 2023  
Financial 
Statements page 
reference(1) 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2022 .......................................................................................... 
5. 
Audited condensed consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2023 and the comparative consolidated 
statements of changes in total equity for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2022 .................................................................................................................. 
109-110 
6. 
Audited condensed consolidated cash flow statements for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2023 and the comparative consolidated cash flow 
statement of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 ............. 
111- 
7. 
Explanatory notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial 
statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023................................. 
112-155 
 
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
 
2023 
January-June 
Financial Report 
page reference 
1. 
Financial Information by Segments ..............................................................  
22-46 
2. 
Corporate Governance ..................................................................................  
49-50 
3. 
Financial Information ...................................................................................  
53-73 
4. 
Alternative Performance Measures ...............................................................  
74-84 
5. 
Glossary ........................................................................................................  
88 
6. 
Important information...................................................................................  
89 
 
2022 Annual Report – Extracts of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/908 of 14 
March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
The table below sets out the relevant page references in the 2022 Annual Report where the following information 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found:  
Extracts of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
2022 
Annual Report 
page reference  
SECTION 4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
Item 4.1 
History and development of the issuer 
808 – see 
subsection 
entitled 
"Corporate 
history". 
Item 4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the 
issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on the website 
does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
808 – see 
subsection 
entitled 
"Corporate 
information", 
which includes 
this information, 
save for the 
website of the 
Issuer and the

--- Page 71 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 71 - 
Extracts of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
2022 
Annual Report 
page reference  
related 
disclaimer. 
Item 4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency.  
331-351 – in 
particular see 
description of 
the evolution of 
customer 
deposits on page 
331, subsection 
"liquidity in 
2022" on page 
334, subsection 
"Rating 
agencies" on 
page 338, 
description of 
capital 
management 
measures on 
page 341 and 
subsection 
"Capital 
planning and 
stress tests", on 
page 348.  
SECTION 5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Item 5.1 
Principal activities 
 
Item 5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed. 
356-398 – in 
particular, see 
sections entitled 
"Description of 
segments – b. 
Current 
composition of 
Group 
Segments", 
"Primary 
segments" and 
"Secondary 
segments".  
SECTION 6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
Item 6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and 
the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
256 – in 
particular, see 
first paragraph; 
580 – in 
particular see 
subsection a) 
Banco 
Santander, S.A., 
and 
international 
Group 
Structure; there 
has been no 
change to this 
information as 
of the date of

--- Page 72 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 72 - 
Extracts of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
2022 
Annual Report 
page reference  
this Base 
Prospectus   
SECTION 9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
 
Item 9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer:  
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies;  
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
179-187; there 
has been no 
change to this 
information as 
of the date of 
this Base 
Prospectus   
SECTION 11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
Item 11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit report in respect of each year. 
513-528 
Item 11.1.3 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable, the financial 
statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers 
from the EEA, as required by the Directive 2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers.  
 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included 
in the registration document has not been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there 
may be material differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical 
financial information; 
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a 
narrative description of the differences between Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002, as adopted by the Union and the accounting 
principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements.  
530-535 – in 
particular, see 
fourth paragraph 
of subsection 
entitled "b) 
Basis of 
presentation of 
the consolidated 
financial 
statements" on 
page 530.  
Item 11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.  
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
do not apply:  
(a) the historical financial information must be audited or reported 
on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an equivalent standard.  
Otherwise, the following information must be included in the 
registration 
document: 
503-512 – in 
particular, see 
second 
paragraph of 
subsection 
"Opinion".

--- Page 73 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 73 - 
Extracts of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 
March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
2022 
Annual Report 
page reference  
(i) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing standards have 
been 
applied; 
(ii) an explanation of any significant departures from International 
Standards on Auditing; 
(b) if audit reports on the historical financial information contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full and the reasons 
given. 
 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 74 ---
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
- 74 - 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of 
Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes will be 
contained either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained 
in the applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes and are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes, any information which is not included in this Base Prospectus 
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to such Tranche of Notes will be 
contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes and are subject to a Pricing 
Supplement are the Conditions, as supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 75 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will include the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 1 in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, Annex 2 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes and Annex 3 in the case of Payouts, and which, subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) or the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the 
case of Exempt Notes), will be endorsed on such definitive Bearer Notes or on the Individual Note Certificates 
relating to such definitive Registered Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant definitive 
Notes and in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the case may be. References in the Conditions 
to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes of each Tranche will be issued pursuant to an agency agreement dated on or around 21 December 2023 
(the "Agency Agreement") between Banco Santander, S.A. (the "Issuer"), The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch in its capacity as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent"), paying agent (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to 
time appointed, the "Paying Agents"), transfer agent (together with any additional or other transfer agents in 
respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Transfer Agents"), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar"), and with the benefit of a deed of covenant dated on or around 
21 December 2023 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders" or "Holders"), the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") 
(the "Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment 
of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Applicable Transaction Terms 
(the "Applicable Transaction Terms") which completes or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), 
modifies or supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. The Applicable Transaction Terms will comprise either (a) 
the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") attached to or endorsed on this Note, or (b) if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or 
in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), as the case may be, (an "Exempt 
Note"), the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement amend or replace the Conditions 
for the purposes of this Note. Any reference in these Conditions to "Applicable Transaction Terms" and/or 
"relevant Applicable Transaction Terms" will be deemed to be a reference to "Final Terms" and/or "applicable 
Final Terms"; and/or "Pricing Supplement" and/or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as appropriate in respect of 
each Series of Notes. Where this Note is issued under a standalone prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), 
references to the Applicable Transaction Terms, Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be 
deemed to be references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as the context requires. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1. 
Definitions 
See also Condition 19 (Additional Definitions) below. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city, cities or T2 specified as such in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms;

--- Page 76 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 76 - 
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of any Replacement Reference Rate, the adjustment, if any, to 
such Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, where relevant having regard to any Industry Standard Adjustment, 
which is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate. Any 
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic value (which may be 
a value anticipated or estimated by the Calculation Agent) as a result of any difference in the term 
structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the relevant Reference Rate. The 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. If a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the 
relevant Reference Rate with a relevant Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, then, where the 
Replacement Reference Rate is the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
shall be determined on the basis of such recommendation (adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that 
the spread or methodology is used in the context of the Notes); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the later of the Issue Date and: 
(a) 
in respect of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, (A) in the event of a Benchmark 
Modification or Prohibition of Use, the effective date of the material change or prohibition of 
use of such Reference Rate or (B) in the event of a Benchmark Cessation, the first day on which 
such Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(b) 
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or 
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes; 
(c) 
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which, following the rejection or refusal of the 
relevant application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; and 
(d) 
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension 
or withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the relevant 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval, or (B) 
the date on which such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate 
is removed from the official register, as applicable, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the First Entity, 
whether by contract, or otherwise; 
"AIAF" means the Spanish fixed income securities market, AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija operated by 
Bolsas y Mercados Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U.; 
"Alternative Industry Standard Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or

--- Page 77 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 77 - 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) an interpolation of other tenors of such 
Reference Rate, (ii) a rate or fall-back rate, or methodology for calculating a rate or fall-back rate, (iii) a 
rate selected or recommended by a relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee or 
(iv) a rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of 
such Reference Rate), which recognition or acknowledgment may, but does not have to, be in the form 
of a press release, a member announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard 
terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body, or relevant trade association, working group, 
task-force or committee; 
"Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any interest rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by:  
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate,  
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. If a replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source is designated, nominated or recommended under both paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the 
replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or recommended 
under paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms which 
is not subject to a Reference Rate Event; 
"Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early 
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365); 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the 
Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party in connection with an early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any 
funding relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark" means any figure by reference to which any amount payable under the Notes, or the value 
of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 78 - 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(a) 
any material change in such Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any material change 
to the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Reference 
Rate or other means of calculating such Reference Rate) (a "Benchmark Modification");  
(b) 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate (a 
"Benchmark Cessation"); or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Reference Rate such that any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes (a "Prohibition of Use"); 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to 
time; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the case of Notes, London and the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business 
Centre; 
(b) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (other 
than T2); and 
(c) 
if T2 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as an Additional Business Centre, a T2 
Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, may 
have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 79 - 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means, in relation to any Notes, (i) where the Notes have only one Specified 
Denomination, such Specified Denomination, and (ii) where the Notes have more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations; 
"CMS Linked Notes" means Notes in respect of which the payment of interest is linked to a constant 
maturity swap rate; 
"CMT Linked Notes" means Notes in respect of which the payment of interest is linked to a CMT Rate; 
"CMT Rate" means a U.S. Dollar Constant Maturity Treasury Rate as published in the H.15 release; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and: 
(a) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) 60 Business Days following the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred 
and (b) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; or 
(b) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the later of (i) 60 Business Days following the day on which 
a relevant public statement is made or relevant information is published in respect of a Reference 
Rate Cessation Event and (ii) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period") such day count fraction as may be specified in these conditions or the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 80 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 80 - 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 81 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 81 - 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; and 
(h) 
if "1/1" is so specified, one; 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, if "Not Applicable" is specified in respect 
of the Day Count Fraction in the Applicable Transaction Terms, no Day Count Fraction will be taken 
into account in the calculation of any interest in respect of the Notes; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
(which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation 
Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, which, in the case of Partly Paid Notes shall be the Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount. If 
"Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, this amount will 
be the fair market value of such Notes less Associated Costs. The Early Redemption Amount will be 
subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event)" means, in respect of any Note, 
its principal amount or such other amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation 
Amount or an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, which, in the case of Partly Paid Notes shall be the Partly 
Paid Early Redemption Amount. If "Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, this amount will be the fair market value of such Notes less Associated Costs. The 
Early Redemption Amount will be subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair 
Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms and subject where applicable to the provisions of the definitions of "Market Value 
less Associated Costs" and/or "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"English Law Notes" means Notes that are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
governed by English law; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 82 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 82 - 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
European Monetary Union; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in Condition 13; 
"Fair Market Value Interest Element" means, if "Fair Market Value Interest Element" is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding any other provision in the 
Conditions, no amount of accrued interest will be payable on early redemption of the Notes, but the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event) or other 
Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) will take into account or (as applicable and without double 
counting) be increased by the fair market value (if any) of the interest element of the relevant Notes; 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount equal to, the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Final Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final 
redemption of the Note; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note" means Notes linked to a specified currency or currencies 
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be)); 
"General Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes 
or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of Benchmark in connection with the Notes 
from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers 
or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes 
in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) or 
(4) there has been a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the relevant Benchmark announcing that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s); 
"General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(a) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) 
or arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time 
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in 
part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes; 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s);

--- Page 83 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 83 - 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its obligations 
in respect of the Notes; 
"IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book" means the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule 
Book published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as approved and/or 
appointed by ISDA from time to time) as updated from time to time in accordance with its terms; 
"Industry Standard Adjustment" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread, the 
fixed spread adjustment published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as 
approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time) for the purpose of calculating fallback rates under 
the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book (or any successor publication), or any other spread or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or being otherwise 
customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate (which may include (i) a spread or payment (as applicable) selected or recommended by a relevant 
trade association, working group or committee or (ii) a spread or payment (as applicable) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference Rate), 
which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, 
a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other 
industry body; 
"Inflation Linked Notes" means Notes linked to a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices 
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be)); 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such other 
date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Period, the date 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is so specified, the date as of which 
the relevant amount of interest may be calculated and on which the Issuer or Calculation Agent carries 
out such determination; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage) of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;

--- Page 84 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 84 - 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented from time to time (the "2006 
Definitions"), (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as at the Trade Date 
of the relevant series of Notes (the "2021 Definitions"), provided, in each case, that if the Calculation 
Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of 
Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to a version of the 2006 
Definitions or 2021 Definitions (as applicable), each as supplemented from time to time for interest rate 
derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Market Value less Associated Costs" has the meaning given in the definition of Early Redemption 
Amount; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not 
been or will not be obtained; 
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been or will 
not be included in an official register; or  
(c) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not or will not 
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or such Reference Rate, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time of occurrence or 
continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity 
is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount 
per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per 
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms;

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 85 - 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"Other Reference Item" means a reference item other an inflation index, a reference item rate, or a 
foreign exchange rate, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for the purpose of determining 
any interest payable or the redemption amount in respect of the relevant Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation to 
which one or more interest amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an 
Other Reference Item; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Note" means an Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note or an Other 
Reference Item Linked Redemption Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Redemption Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation 
to which the redemption amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an Other 
Reference Item; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the paid-up amount of each Calculation Amount from time to 
time, subject as provided in Condition 6(j); 
"Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount" means an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Calculation Amount as of the Part Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of early redemption, without taking into account any amounts paid on or 
after the relevant Part Payment Date, as further described in Condition 6(j); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency, provided that, in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case, as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, if the definition of such Reference Rate 
includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an "index cessation event" (regardless 
of the contents of that definition or description), any fallback specified in that definition or description 
to apply following such an event (which may include, amongst others, the replacement of such Reference 
Rate with a replacement reference rate and/or the application of an adjustment spread to such replacement 
reference rate); 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (MREL/Disqualification 
Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), Optional 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call), the Amortised Face Amount (in respect of Zero Coupon Notes) or 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none, four 
(or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in 
the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable 
on such Note and/or its redemption amount in respect of such Note) is linked to one or more Reference

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 86 - 
Items, including inflation indices, reference item rate(s), foreign exchange rates or any Other Reference 
Item as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily €STR, HIBOR or CNH HIBOR, any rate (including any swap rate or CMT Rate) to 
be determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii) or 5(b)(iv) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any other rate, 
as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. To the extent that a Replacement Reference 
Rate is determined to be used in respect of the Notes, such Replacement Reference Rate shall be a 
"Reference Rate" for the Notes during the period in which it is used; 
"Reference Rate Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of such Reference Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Reference Rate which states that the administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Reference Rate;  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has determined 
that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(d) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of such Reference Rate) in relation to which (if 
ISDA Determination and 2006 Definitions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) 
a Priority Fallback or (if ISDA Determination and 2021 Definitions are specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) Permanent Cessation Fallback is specified;  
"Reference Rate Cessation Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Cessation Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the first day on 
which such Reference Rate is no longer provided or, if earlier, the first day on which such Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate 
is intended to measure (where applicable); 
"Reference Rate Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event; or 
(b) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
provided that if, in respect of such Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation 
Event, or (ii) both a Reference Rate Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and 
will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, unless the date that would 
otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred prior to the relevant 
Reference Rate Cessation Event Date, in which case, such event will constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event;

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 87 - 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or 
refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the 
Notes, such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate under any applicable 
law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Relevant Business Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre (as may be specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) (other than T2); or 
(b) 
if T2 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as an Additional Financial Centre, a T2 
Settlement Day; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 
Settlement Day; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of 
payments made by it of principal and/or interest on the Notes; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information:

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 88 - 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more 
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market, unless such information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, 
would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in paragraph (a) above from the Issuer's or the Calculation 
Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, 
central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, 
information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising either such Reference 
Rate or the administrator of such Reference Rate; or  
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or the administrator 
of such Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate (if any); or 
(b) 
(A) if paragraph (a) above does not apply, an Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Industry Standard Rate for such Reference Rate, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Industry 
Standard Rate that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, any other interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate; 
"Spanish Law Notes" means Notes that are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
governed by Spanish law; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Specified Denomination" means, in relation to any Notes, the denomination of such Notes specified as 
such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and may be expressed as a currency amount; 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the duration specified hereon or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the 
relative interest accrual period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to a Business Day Convention; 
"specified office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 89 - 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such 
Reference Rate which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations under 
the Notes; or  
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is or will be 
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under 
any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any 
other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of occurrence 
or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other 
entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor or replacement for that system; 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open; and 
"Variable Coupon Amount Note" means each Note specified as such in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes 
which are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes"), 
in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case 
in the Specified Denomination shown thereon. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same denomination 
as the lowest denomination of the Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Bearer Notes which do not bear interest or which are Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
below) in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupon and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any Bearer Note, 
the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments, is issued with one or more Receipts 
attached. 
Registered Notes may be issued in global form, as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. Registered Notes in global form ("Registered Global Notes") will be represented by 
one or more global Notes in registered form (each a "Global Note Certificate"), each Global 
Note Certificate representing a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Global Note Certificates shall be exchangeable in the limited circumstances described below 
for Registered Notes in definitive form, each evidenced by an individual note certificate (an 
"Individual Note Certificate" and, together with Global Note Certificates, "Note 
Certificates"). 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to 
the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
"Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or Registered Note shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 90 - 
Registered Note, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account 
thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
or Registered Note, shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss 
thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, "holder" (in relation to a Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or a 
Registered Note) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or (in relation 
to a Registered Note) the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may 
be).   
(b) 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms which are not 
defined in these conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Bearer Notes (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Global Note Certificates (in the case of Registered Notes). 
3. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 3(f) (Closed periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be 
exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing 
of the relevant holder of a Note and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent: provided, 
however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) (Payments and Talons - Registered Notes)) for any payment 
of interest or Instalment Amount, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Receipt 
in respect of that Instalment Amount need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Notes. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes which are not Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject as provided below, title to the Registered Notes will pass upon the registration of 
transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. For so long as the Notes 
are represented by a Registered Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the 
holder of a particular amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be, as to the amount of Global Note Certificates standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal and/or interest with respect to 
such Notes for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Registered Global Certificate (and 
the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Certificates will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, 
and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. Title will

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 91 - 
pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive 
Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part. In order to effect any such transfer (i) 
the holder or holders must (a) surrender the Definitive Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Definitive Registered (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at 
the specified office of the Registrar, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) 
complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar and (ii) the 
Registrar must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an option by an Issuer or a holder of Notes in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Note Certificate, a new 
Note Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting 
in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Note Certificates shall 
be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Note 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Note Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who 
is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding 
shall only be issued against surrender of the Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Note Certificates 
Each new Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3(a) (Exchange of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes), (b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) or (c) (Exercise of Options or Partial 
Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) will, within three business days (being a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for exchange or form of 
transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making 
such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Note Certificate to such address 
as may be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an 
option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation to it. 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior 
to any date on which Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
and Exercise of Issuer's Options) or (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption in 
whole or in part. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be 
exchanged for a Registered Note in respect of which the Note Certificate is simultaneously 
surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 92 - 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will be specified as Senior Preferred Notes ("Senior Preferred Notes") or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In each case, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer and, in accordance with 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of 
any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency of the Issuer, such payment 
obligations rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and 
(ii) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) any present and future 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with 
Article 281 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(ii) 
junior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the insolvency 
of the Issuer the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities); and 
(iii) 
senior to any present and future subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 281 of the Insolvency Law. 
Claims of Noteholders in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3ºof the 
Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to the Bail-in Power. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Insolvency Law" means the Spanish Insolvency Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, 
por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended from time to time; 
"Law 11/2015" means Law 11/2015 of 18 June on recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer under 
any Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) 
of the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred 
obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 
11/2015, as amended from time to time, (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other 
obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari 
passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
5. 
Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
applicable.

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 93 - 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) and Condition 5(b)(viii) (Reference 
Item Linked Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
due is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount: If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. If a Broken 
Amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of the specified Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Broken 
Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(iv) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount (or, in 
the case of Partly Paid Notes, to the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the 
Calculation Amount as of the first day of the relevant Interest Period), multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure shall be rounded to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, CMT Linked Notes, Reference Item Linked Notes 
and Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions, CMS Linked Note Provisions, CMT Linked Note Provisions, 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being 
applicable in relation to the determination of interest or if the Other Reference Item 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) and Condition 5(b)(viii) (Reference 
Item Linked Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
due is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven 
days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 94 - 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate 
is/are to be determined, then, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(g), such Rate of 
Interest or the relevant Rate in respect of an Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis and the Rate of Interest or Rate shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(b)(vi) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 5(b)(viii) (in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes): 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if a Reference Rate Event has not occurred and, in the case of (A) above, such 
rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than two 
such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Rate of Interest or Rate will be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other 
reference source(s) then available. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate is/are to be 
determined, the Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, 
is a period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (X) if 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Hong Kong interbank 
offered rate (HIBOR) or on the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (CNH 
HIBOR), the first day of that Interest Period or (Y) in any other case, as 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
(D) 
the relevant Payment Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
References in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(i) 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items specified in the relevant 
Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial 
centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the 2021 Definitions: 
̶ 
the Trade Date shall be deemed to be to the Trade Date of the Notes;

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 95 - 
̶ 
the Effective Date shall be deemed to be to the date specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
̶ 
the Termination Date shall be deemed to be to the date specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
̶ 
the Day Count Fraction and Floating Rate Day Count Fraction shall 
be deemed to be to that specified as the ISDA Day Count Fraction 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
For this purpose, the relevant Interest Determination Date will be deemed to be the day 
on which the relevant Rate of Interest is determined on the above basis. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the provisions of Condition 5(b) shall apply in relation to determinations 
made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this sub-paragraph and any such 
provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In addition, 
all calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by the 
Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions, any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the 
Calculation Agent (as defined therein): (a) to give notice of a determination 
made by it to any other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in these Conditions) to provide an equivalent 
notice to the Issuer; and (b) to consult with the other party or the parties will 
be deemed to be a requirement to consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or 
consultation may be given or carried out orally or in writing (including by 
electronic mail or communications). In addition the right of any party under 
the ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent thereunder to take any 
action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the 
Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no 
Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this;  
(iii) 
any terms under the ISDA Definitions allowing for agreement between the 
parties to the relevant transaction will be deemed not to apply and where any 
terms of the ISDA Definitions provide for the parties to seek agreement 
between themselves, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and in each case the ISDA Definitions will be construed 
accordingly; 
(iv) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day (each a "Fixing Date") on which an ISDA Rate is determined under 
the ISDA Definitions is less than two Business Days prior to the relevant date 
originally scheduled for payment, the Calculation Agent may determine that 
such date for payment be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business 
Days after the relevant Fixing Date and Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay; and 
(v) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the Correction Time 
Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to 
the relevant date for payment, any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for 
the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has not occurred but 
such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read 
with the above provisions and prior to the application of (i) where the 2006 Definitions 
are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, fallbacks in the 2006 Definitions 
(including, where applicable, any Reference Dealer (as defined in the 2006

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 96 - 
Definitions) quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 
Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)), or 
(ii) where the 2021 Definitions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any 
provision relating to permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 
2021 Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Maturities 
provisions) then the ISDA Rate for the Relevant Determination Date shall be such rate 
as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other 
reference source(s) then available. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless otherwise stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest: the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes (other than Reference Item 
Linked Interest Notes) shall be determined as follows: 
(A) 
If "Margin Plus Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Margin plus the 
Rate; 
(B) 
If "Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the 
Specified Percentage multiplied by the Rate; or 
(C) 
If "Difference in Rates" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Specified Percentage 
multiplied by (Rate – Rate 2), each of Rate and Rate 2 to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii) or (iv), as applicable. 
(D) 
SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination  
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 97 - 
"d0" means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"SONIA Reference Rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:  
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any London 
Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SONIAi, where SONIAi is, 
in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such 
London Banking Day. 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination

--- Page 98 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 98 - 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to 
the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant 
time on the relevant determination dates specified below, as further specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms (the "SONIA Compounded 
Index") and the following formula and the following formula and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. Such Rate of Interest will be plus the 
Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate = 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1





−
 
where: 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(E) 
SOFR 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus the Margin (if any), 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:

--- Page 99 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 99 - 
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1
×








−






×
+
∏
=
−
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0", means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method) for any SOFR Observation Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate 
(the "New York Federal Reserve’s Website") (in each case, on or about 5:00 
p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant

--- Page 100 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 100 - 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate 
for such day;  
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to 
the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below), as 
further specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being 
rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) 
being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Rate of Interest will be 
plus the Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
 
where: 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor

--- Page 101 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 101 - 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of 
such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
(F) 
€STR 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) calculated as 
immediately set out below. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
d
360
360
n
€STR
Relevant
o
d
i
i
i
×








−






×
+
∏
=
1
1
1
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of T2 Business Days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the day 
falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any T2 Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short term ("€STR") rate for such T2 Business 
Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, 
or 
any 
successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of 
such rate (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on or about 9.00am., Central 
European Time, on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 102 - 
Business Day) or if the ECB’s Website is unavailable as otherwise published 
by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day "i", the €STR 
reference rate for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
T2 Business Day in (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method) the relevant €STR Observation period; 
"ni", for any T2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
and including such T2 Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following T2 
Business Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of T2 Business Day 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) 
the number of T2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(b) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect 
of any T2 Business Day "i" falling in the relevant €STR Observation 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day; and 
"T2 Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which T2 is open. 
(vii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 5(g), if in respect of any relevant determination date 
a relevant component value required for the determination of a Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, as applicable, has 
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not 
available, the relevant value in respect of such determination date will be the last such 
value provided prior to the relevant unavailability. 
(viii) 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest 
Notes or Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or 
the Interest Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, 
maturity or otherwise) is to be determined by reference to one or more Reference Items, 
the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where applicable 
as provided below, in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, where 
applicable, the Payout Conditions. 
(ix) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, then the 
Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero and in no event shall the Rate 
of Interest be less than zero. 
(x) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each

--- Page 103 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 103 - 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount (or, in the case of Partly Paid Notes, 
to the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Calculation Amount as of the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period), multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(xi) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies 
that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
(xii) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount 
in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(xiii) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(c) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Notes are 
Exempt Notes and the Dual Currency Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: If the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to 
an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(d) 
Call Option Interest Rate and Put Option Interest Rate 
(i) 
The provisions of this Condition 5(d) apply to any Notes in respect of which the Rate 
of Interest specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms is Call Option Interest Rate 
or Put Option Interest Rate (such Notes being "Call Option Rate Notes" and "Put 
Option Rate Notes" respectively). 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions (including with respect to 
accrual), there are no Interest Periods in respect of the Notes and each principal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount pays the Interest Amount (if any) on each

--- Page 104 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 104 - 
Interest Payment Date and the Conditions (including, without limitation, Condition 5) 
will be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
The Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount and an Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency (rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency with half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
In the event that the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(g)(v), 
Condition 6(h) or Condition 10, no Interest Amount or any other amount of accrued 
interest will be payable in respect of the Notes in respect of any relevant Interest 
Payment Date which has not occurred on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption, 
and if the date fixed for such redemption falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, 
no Interest Amount will be payable in respect of the Notes. 
(v) 
In the event that on the due date for final redemption of any Note upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, such 
Note will accrue interest (as well after as before judgment) in respect of each Note of 
a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount on each day during the period 
from (and including) the due date for redemption of such Note and ending on 
whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day 
which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case may 
be) has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment), such interest to be calculated by applying to the Calculation Amount an 
overnight deposit rate in respect of the Specified Currency and adjusting the resulting 
amount by a day count fraction, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, as appropriate, from such source(s) as it may select for such 
day. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Application: This Condition 5(e) is applicable only if the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. Zero Coupon Notes are 
Notes issued on a non-interest bearing basis and are offered and sold at a discount (other than a 
de minimis discount) to its principal amount or at par and to which Zero Coupon Notes 
provisions are expressed to be applicable. 
(f) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as set out above on the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes from 
time to time and otherwise as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(g) 
Reference Rate Event 
(i) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
(A) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Rate, then: 
(1) 
If ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iv) and:  
(i) 2006 Definitions is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Rate 
Event constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation Event in respect of the 
Floating Rate Option for a Reference Rate and if one or more Priority 
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate 
Option in the 2006 Definitions, then subject as provided below such

--- Page 105 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 105 - 
Priority Fallback(s) shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, make such other adjustments 
to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, 
Business 
Day 
Convention, 
Day 
Count 
Fraction, 
Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period and Rate of Interest) as it determines necessary or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of applying such 
Priority Fallback(s) and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the application 
of such Priority Fallback(s). Fallbacks in the 2006 Definitions 
(including where applicable any reference bank quotations or 
fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 Definitions 
(Amendments to the 2006 Definitions to include new IBOR 
fallbacks)) will only be followed as provided for in this paragraph, 
if applicable, and subject as provided below; or  
(ii) 2021 Definitions is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, 
I. 
subject to II below, the Calculation Agent determines that 
such Reference Rate Event constitutes a Reference Rate 
Cessation Event in respect of the Floating Rate Option for 
a Reference Rate, then such Permanent Cessation Fallback 
as specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (all as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) shall apply;  
II. 
'Generic Fallback Provisions' is specified in the Floating 
Rate Matrix as the relevant Permanent Cessation Fallback 
in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Option, following 
the occurrence of the relevant Permanent Cessation Trigger 
in respect of such Floating Rate Option, a Reference Rate 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the same date 
as such Permanent Cessation Trigger and the provisions of 
this Condition 5(g) shall apply in place of such Generic 
Fallback Provisions; 
III. 
'Administrator/Benchmark Event' is specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, the provisions of this Condition 5(g) 
shall apply in place of the provisions relating to 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback in the 2021 
Definitions; and 
IV. 
an ISDA Rate would otherwise be determined by reference 
to Linear Interpolation pursuant to the Discontinued Rates 
Maturities provisions, a Reference Rate Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred and the provisions of this 
Condition 5(g) shall apply in place of such Discontinued 
Rates Maturities provisions, 
and the Calculation Agent shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
(including, but not limited to, any Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate of 
Interest) as it determines necessary or appropriate in order to account 
for the effect of applying such Permanent Cessation Fallback and/or 
to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the

--- Page 106 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 106 - 
Notes before and after the application of such Permanent Cessation 
Fallback. 
The Permanent Cessation Fallback in respect of the Floating Rate 
Option for a Reference Rate in the Floating Rate Matrix will only be 
followed as provided for in this paragraph, if applicable, and subject 
as provided below. 
(2) 
If:  
(i) 
ISDA Determination does not apply pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(iv);  
(ii) 
ISDA Determination and 2006 Definitions are specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and (x) the specified 
Priority Fallback(s) fail to provide any appropriate means of 
determining the rate of interest, or (y) the Calculation Agent 
determines that the application of the Priority Fallback(s) 
and/or any such adjustments would not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the 
Noteholders or that it would be impracticable to apply the 
Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the 
Conditions, or (z) no Priority Fallback(s) are specified in the 
definition of such Floating Rate Option in the 2006 
Definitions; or 
(iii)  
ISDA Determination and 2021 Definitions are specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and (x) the specified 
Permanent Cessation Fallback fails to provide any 
appropriate means of determining the rate of interest, or (y) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the application of the 
Permanent Cessation Fallback and/or any such adjustments 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for 
either the Issuer or the Noteholders or that it would be 
impracticable to apply the Permanent Cessation Fallback 
and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, or (z) any 
of sub-paragraphs II-IV above apply in respect of such 
Floating Rate Option, 
then the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided below, seek to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of such Reference 
Rate. If the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement Reference 
Rate in respect of such Reference Rate prior to the Cut-off Date it 
shall: 
(x) 
seek to determine the related Adjustment Spread; and 
(y) 
determine the amendments (if any) to the Conditions of the 
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in 
order to replace such Reference Rate with the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread) 
(the 
"Replacement 
Reference 
Rate 
Amendments"). 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference 
Rate and the related adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination and the Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as of the Cut-off Date. 
Prior to the Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant Reference Rate Event and the 
action to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 107 - 
(B) 
If the relevant Reference Rate Event is a Benchmark Modification, as an 
alternative to Condition 5(g)(i)(A) above, the Calculation Agent may instead 
prior to the Cut-off Date:  
(1) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the 
Conditions of the Notes are required as a result of such Benchmark 
Modification; or  
(2) 
determine the adjustment(s) to the Conditions of the Notes as are necessary 
or appropriate to account for the effect of such material change and the 
effective date of any such adjustment(s).  
Following any such determination, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the 
action, if any, to be taken in relation thereto and, where adjustment(s) are required to 
be made to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(g)(i)(B)(2) above, the 
Conditions shall be amended as of the relevant effective date and the Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of the 
relevant Benchmark Modification and the action to be taken in relation thereto. No 
notice to Noteholders is required where Condition 5(g)(i)(B)(1) above applies. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
If:  
with respect to any Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate 
and/or determine any Adjustment Spread or the related Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 5(g)(i)(A); or 
(A) 
with respect to a Benchmark Modification, the Calculation Agent determines 
that Condition 5(g)(i)(B) above applies, but that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to make any amendments to the Conditions of the 
Notes which it determines are required following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Modification prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with such 
Condition 5(g)(i)(B) above; 
(B) 
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in these 
Conditions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time);  
(C) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
to material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for 
administrators under BMR); or  
(D) 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement 
Reference Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-
off Date in accordance with these Conditions, the adjustments provided for 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or 
the Noteholders,  
the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant determination and the 
Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, 
each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, accrued interest. 
(iii) 
Interim Adjustments

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 108 - 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant 
Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes: 
(A) 
if (1) in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the Reference Rate 
Cessation Event Date has not yet occurred, or (2) in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
has not yet occurred, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of such Reference 
Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
otherwise, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion by reference to either (i) the rate published 
in respect of such Reference Rate at the time such Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on the day immediately prior to (1) the Reference Rate Cessation 
Event Date or (2) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, 
if no rate is published at the time or that rate cannot be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at that 
time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable or (ii) such other 
rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or 
acknowledged as being an industry standard (or otherwise customarily widely 
adopted) replacement rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines there is no 
such replacement rate, such other interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate and the Issuer shall give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable of the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Determinations 
Any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes (including the determination of any 
adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines 
is necessary or appropriate pursuant to the above provisions of this Condition 5(g) 
(Reference Rate Event): 
(A) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) and Relevant Market Data; 
(B) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (1) technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, changes 
to determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay 
or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related 
payment dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are appropriate, (2) the application of any adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant 
provision and which may be positive or negative) and (3) adjustments to 
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(C) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates and may (but does not have to) involve the selection of a 
successor or replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking 
compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, (I) the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any 
determination in relation to any Reference Rate Event if the relevant Cut-off Date 
would fall after the earlier of (x) the date the relevant Reference Rate is no longer used 
to determine any amount payable under the Notes and (y) the Maturity Date of the 
Notes and (II) the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 109 - 
and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in 
connection with a Reference Rate Event, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Event may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if intended to qualify as eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, Senior Preferred Notes, will have an original maturity of at least one year or such 
minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency including, 
among others, those giving effect to the MREL and the TLAC or any equivalent or successor 
principles, then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency 
of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group including, among others, those giving effect to the MREL and the TLAC or any 
equivalent or successor principles, in each case to the extent then in effect in the Kingdom of 
Spain (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of 
law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend 
or come into effect in place thereof (including the BRRD II), as implemented into Spanish law 
by Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time and 
including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRD IV" means any, or any combination of, the CRD IV Directive, the CRR, and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, the 
European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer 
(on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer 
(on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 110 - 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures 
and powers and capital conservation measures; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 or such other regulation as may come into effect in 
place thereof, as amended from time to time (including by CRR II); 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012; 
"Royal Decree 1012/2015" means Royal Decree 1012/2015 of 6 November implementing Law 
11/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in the Kingdom of Spain 
(including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other 
implementing regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other 
Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Bail-in Power, applies, which includes, certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 
1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the SRM Regulation II); 
and 
"SRM Regulation II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, as a result of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which such Relevant Jurisdiction 
is a party, or any change in the application or interpretation of any such laws or regulations, 
including a decision of any court or tribunal, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date of such Notes, (a) in making any payments on the Notes, the Issuer has 
paid or will or would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or (b) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer is no longer entitled to 
claim a deduction in respect of any payments in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
computing its taxation liabilities or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially 
reduced, or (c) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the applicable tax treatment of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes changes and such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by 
the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent of (x) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the relevant circumstances giving rise to the right to redeem prevail and 
describing the facts leading thereto, (y) an opinion of independent legal advisers of national 
recognised standing or other national tax adviser experienced in such matters to the effect that 
the relevant circumstances prevail and (z) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a copy of 
the Regulator’s and/or Relevant Resolution Authority’s consent (if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations) to the redemption, to the extent required, the Issuer may, 
at its option and having given no less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 111 - 
date fixed for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some 
only, of the relevant Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) less, in the case of any 
Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable 
in respect of such Note prior to the date fixed for redemption under any other Condition (which 
amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 calendar days (or, in the case of Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days 
falling within the then current Interest Period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer (i) would be obliged to pay additional amounts, (ii) would no 
longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount of such deduction would be materially 
reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the applicable tax treatment. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes constituting 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments, redemption for taxation reasons will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Fondo de 
Resolución Ordenada Bancaria ("FROB"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") or any other 
entity with the authority to exercise any of the resolutions tools and powers contained in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption due to TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where the 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
may, at its option and having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such lesser 
period as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) to the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes), the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these 
Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable). Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where 
the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 6(c) will be 
subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"EU Banking Reforms" means the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the 
SRM Regulation II; 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
the Kingdom of Spain), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, 
supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with 
regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 112 - 
setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and any other Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
"TLAC" means the "total loss-absorbing capacity" requirement for global systemically 
important institutions under the CRR, set in accordance with Article 92a of the CRR and any 
other Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event" means at any time that all or part of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes (as applicable) does not fully qualify as TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely 
to the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes being less than any period prescribed for 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments by the Applicable Banking Regulations as at the Issue Date 
or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a 
buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
"TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is eligible to be counted 
towards the TLAC and/or MREL, and for the avoidance of doubt irrespective of the quantum 
limitation that may be applicable to certain types of instruments by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
(d) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Redemption) 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
and 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
(the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, on any date 
that is an Interest Payment Date, as its option and having given not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ notice (or such lesser period as may be specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms) (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice") to the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes), the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), 
to the Noteholders, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the "Clean-up Redemption Date"), elect to redeem in accordance with these 
Conditions, all but not some only, of the relevant Notes. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be redeemed on the Clean-up Redemption 
Date at the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-Up Call) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Clean-up Redemption Date. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where the Clean-Up 
Redemption Option has been specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, without limitation, in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, 
where applicable) in force at the relevant time. 
(e) 
Redemption or adjustment for a General Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its 
option): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes 
as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, 
without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including, 
where applicable, adding an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
any adjustment to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 113 - 
replacement or successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Prior to the effective date of any adjustment or any date of early redemption, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of 
the relevant General Administrator/Benchmark Event and the action to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as provided in Condition 5(g), the above is additional, 
and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under any such terms 
any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole 
and absolute discretion. 
In the case of Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments, redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 6(e) will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, without 
limitation, in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where applicable) in force at the 
relevant time. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
In the case of Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments, the purchase of the 
relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (iv) below, if so provided hereon, the Issuer may (other than with 
respect to Call Option Rate Notes) on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, not less than 30 days 
nor more than 60 days, redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option in relation to, all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount and on the date or dates so 
provided. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect 
of Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Notes 
to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying 
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system requirements. 
(iv) 
Notes to be redeemed shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying 
Agent may approve in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with 
any applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements.

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 114 - 
(v) 
Subject to paragraph (iv) above, the Issuer may in respect of any Call Option Rate 
Notes on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of not less than the Minimum 
Early Redemption Notice Period, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) (an 
"Issuer Call"). Any such redemption of Notes will be at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) together with interest accrued and payable on such Optional 
Redemption Date (Call). 
(vi) 
In connection with an exercise of the option set out in this Condition 6(g) in respect of 
some but not all of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or the Notes represented by 
the relevant Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 6(g), and the Notes to be 
redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard rules and procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (this shall be recorded in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
(vii) 
In the case of Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments, redemption at the 
option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(g) will be subject to the prior consent 
of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, the Issuer shall, other than in the case of Put Option 
Rate Notes, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note on the date 
or dates so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
To exercise such option or any other option of a holder of Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes which may be set out hereon, the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Global Note Certificate representing such 
Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at 
its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) not less than 30 and not more than 60 days (or, in the case of Put 
Option Notes, not less than the Minimum Early Redemption Notice Period) prior to 
the relevant date fixed for redemption. No Note or Global Note Certificate so deposited 
and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) 
without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(iii) 
In the case of Put Option Rate Notes, subject to paragraph (ii), the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note (a "Noteholder Put"), redeem such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the Exercise Notice at its 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(iv) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(f) the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or, in respect of the Notes represented by the relevant Global 
Note Certificate, the registered holder, must, within the time limits relating to the 
deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in paragraph (ii) above, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent substantially in the form of the notice available from any 
Paying Agent stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time presenting the Permanent Global Note or relevant 
Global Note Certificate (as the case may be) to the Principal Paying Agent, or to a 
Paying Agent for notation. Any such notice shall be irrevocable and may not be 
withdrawn.

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 115 - 
(v) 
This condition applies to Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and if so 
allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(j) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, the issue 
price in respect thereof will be payable in instalments (each a "Part Payment Amount") on the 
dates specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (each a "Part Payment Date").  
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 not less than the number 
of days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms prior to the relevant Part Payment Date 
of their obligation to pay the relevant Part Payment Amount in respect of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount and shall specify the account of the Issuer to which the relevant Part 
Payment Amount shall be made. The relevant Part Payment Amount shall be paid by the 
Noteholders in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Issuer in the notice, 
for value on the Part Payment Date. Upon payment of the relevant Part Payment Amount in 
respect of all the Notes, the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount shall increase as of the relevant Part Payment Date, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
In the event that a Part Payment Amount is not paid by any Noteholder on the relevant Part 
Payment Date (the "Part Payment Default Date"), the Issuer shall as soon as practicable 
thereafter notify the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, of such non-payment 
and the Issuer shall, having given not less than 5 Business Days' (or such other notice period as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, redeem all the Notes by payment of the Early Redemption Amount on the Part 
Payment Early Redemption Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Notes become redeemable on the Part Payment Early Redemption 
Date, no interest will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Part Payment Default Date to (and including) the Part Payment Early Redemption Date and the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes shall be discharged upon payment of the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount. 
Repayment by the Issuer of Part Payment Amounts: 
(i) 
If the Part Payment Amount in respect of any Note is not paid on the relevant Part 
Payment Date; and/or 
(ii) 
if any Part Payment Amount is paid after the relevant Part Payment Date in respect of 
any Notes,  
the Part Payment Amounts for the relevant Part Payment Date in respect of all the Notes shall 
be deemed not to have been paid and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount shall not include such amounts, the Issuer shall not accept the Part Payment Amount(s) 
paid in respect of any of the other Notes outstanding and shall repay any such amounts paid or 
paid late to the relevant Noteholders as soon as practicable to the account used by the relevant 
Noteholder to pay the relevant Part Payment Amount. In such case, no interest will be payable 
by the Issuer in respect of the period from (and including) the relevant Part Payment Date to 
(and including) the date on which such amount is repaid by the Issuer and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any such repaid amounts shall not constitute part of the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
(k) 
Cancellation

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 116 - 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Issuer's subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Principal 
Paying Agent or (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Global Note Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar, and, in each case, if so surrendered or debited, will, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation or so debited may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(a), 6(c), 6(g) or 6(h) above or upon it becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount calculated 
as provided in Condition 1 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
(m) 
Specific Buy-Back Provisions 
(i) 
Buy-Back 
If the Specific Buy-Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, upon the Holder of any Note giving to the Issuer the requisite 
period of notice, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in accordance with 
and subject to the provisions set out below (which notice shall be irrevocable) to buy-
back such Note before its scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may, at its sole option, 
upon the expiry of such notice, buy-back such Note by paying the Buy-Back Price 
(which may be less than par) that is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions as described below, together, if appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the date of such buy-back. The Issuer has the right, at its 
sole option, to reject the buy-back request and, in particular, if the Issuer does not reply 
to the notice, the Issuer shall be deemed to have rejected the buy-back request. The 
Issuer also has the sole option as to whether to maintain any Underlying Transactions 
from time to time and no assurance is given that it will maintain any Underlying 
Transactions during the life of the Notes. If no Underlying Transactions are maintained 
by the Issuer at any time the Issuer will not in any event elect to buy back Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 6(m). The Issuer may, however, at its sole option purchase 
Notes at any time pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - 
Purchases) above and in this case the purchase price may be significantly different 
from what the Buy-Back Price would have been. 
The value of such Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall reflect and shall be calculated 
on the basis of but will not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time and, in the event that a Holder 
requests that the Issuer buy-back any such Notes held by it prior to the Maturity Date, 
and the Issuer accepts such request, the Buy-Back Price will be determined taking into 
consideration the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(m), where the Issuer 
maintains Underlying Transactions at any relevant time such Underlying Transactions

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 117 - 
will be notional reference transactions and the Issuer will be under no obligation to 
maintain actual transactions corresponding to the Underlying Transactions. All 
references to the Issuer maintaining Underlying Transactions will be interpreted 
accordingly.  
(ii) 
Extra-Yield 
The Issuer shall pay higher amounts of interest than otherwise (the "Extra-Yield") in 
respect of such Notes.  More information on the calculation of the interest basis in 
respect of the Notes (unbundling) shall be published by the Issuer from time to time 
together with information relating to the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
(iii) 
Notice from the Holders 
In order to notify the Issuer, the relevant Holder must give such notice in writing by 
hand, mail or e-mail in accordance with the relevant contact details specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or in relation to Exempt Notes, in such other 
manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each Holder must also 
provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the relevant Notes which 
may be in the form of certification from a relevant clearing system or such requirement 
may be satisfied by delivery of the Note(s) held by such Holder together with the 
relevant notice, or such other appropriate manner determined by the Issuer. 
Any such notice shall be effective when received by the Issuer and, if received after 
close of business in the place of receipt or on a day that is not a Business Day, such 
notice shall be deemed to be effective on the next following Business Day.  
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(m): 
"Buy-Back Price" means the buy-back price of the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner taking into consideration the 
Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. On this basis the Buy-Back Price will 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value or a Note’s pro rata share of the Market 
Value. 
"Market Value" means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, 
including the relevant bid/ask prices and for any type of hedging and/or funding 
arrangement and/or interest rate swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Underlying Transaction" means any type of hedging and/or funding arrangement 
and/or interest rate swap and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like 
financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage;  
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage; 
(iv) 
Zero Cost Credit Protection; and/or 
(v) 
Zero Cost Option. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and may be subject to change during the term of the 
Notes. In particular there is no requirement for the Issuer to maintain any Underlying 
Transactions at any time during the life of the Notes and Underlying Transactions, if 
any, will be notional and not actual transactions as described in Condition 6(m)(i) 
above. Information relating to the Underlying Transactions, if any, shall be published

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 118 - 
from time to time by the Issuer in the manner specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and where the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or market, in accordance 
with the rules of the applicable stock exchange or market from time to time. Where no 
Underlying Transactions are maintained at any relevant time then the Issuer will 
specify this in the information it publishes as described above. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
Where: 
"Long (Short): Cash Instrument" means a long or short position in any debt 
obligation or basket of debt obligations, in security or loan form, with 
maturity(ies)/term(s) which may end after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or 
notional amount(s) that may be higher than the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes; 
"Short (Long): Replicating CDS" means a short position (where a long position in 
the Cash Instrument is taken) or a long position (where a short position in the Cash 
Instrument is taken) in a credit default swap transaction (or insurance contract, 
financial guarantee or similar) having similar terms and notional amounts as the Cash 
Instrument and having as a "reference entity" (i) the issuer of the Cash Instrument, or 
(ii) in the case of Cash Instruments that are asset-backed obligations any issuer of any 
relevant assets referenced by such Cash Instruments, or (iii) in the case of Cash 
Instruments that are credit linked obligations, the reference entity referenced by the 
relevant Cash Instrument, or (iv) any other entity, the credit risk in respect of which is 
embedded in or referenced by such Cash Instrument. 
"Index-Components Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index CDS + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
"Long (Short): Credit Index CDS" means a long or short position in any credit 
default swap transaction referencing any series of any credit default swap index 
published by IHS Markit Ltd. (or any successor entity or affiliate thereof), and any 
successor and/or replacement index (each a "Credit Index"), including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx and Markit CDX indices, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, and with term(s) which may end 
after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or notional amount(s) that may be higher than 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
"Short (Long): CDS Components" means a short position (where a long position in 
the Credit Index CDS is taken) or a long position (where a short position in the Credit 
Index CDS is taken) in a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions each 
referencing one of the "reference entities" contained in the relevant Credit Index 
referenced by the corresponding Credit Index CDS and which, in the aggregate, have 
similar terms, notional amounts and interest payments as the Credit Index CDS. 
"General Funded Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): General Assets/Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating 
Derivatives 
where: 
"Long (Short): General Assets/Instruments" means a long or short position in any 
asset or instrument (including funds or obligations, including those which are asset-

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 119 - 
backed) linked to, inter alia, credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with a 
term (or equivalent) which may end after the Maturity Date of the Notes and/or a 
notional amount (or equivalent) that may be higher than the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes. 
"Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives" means a short position (where a long 
position in the General Assets/Instruments is taken) or a long position (where a short 
position in the General Assets/Instruments is taken) in any transaction having similar 
terms and notional amounts as the General Assets/Instruments, and referencing the 
relevant General Assets/Instruments, or any of the assets underlying or linked to the 
relevant General Assets/Instruments.  
Examples of General Funded Arbitrage would include, but not be limited to:  
(i) 
a commodity certificate and a future (a "cash and carry arbitrage"); or 
(ii) 
a convertible bond and a credit default swap transaction plus an equity option 
(a "convertible arbitrage"). 
"Zero Cost Credit Protection" means a credit default swap or a forward bond 
transaction (or any other substantially equivalent transaction) where the Issuer is 
deemed to have received credit protection in respect of a reference entity (or obligor) 
at zero cost (such that, no premium, no upfront amount and no any other payment is 
deemed to be payable by the Issuer under the terms of the credit protection contract). 
"Zero Cost Option" means a credit, interest rate, FX or equity option (or any other 
substantially equivalent transaction) where the Issuer is deemed to have bought the 
option at zero cost (such that, no premium, no upfront amount and no any other 
payment is deemed to be payable by the Issuer under the terms of the option contract). 
(n) 
Additional Redemption Right 
The Issuer and any Noteholder may from time to time enter into separate redemption 
arrangements with respect to the Notes.  In this case, the Issuer and any such Noteholder may 
from time to time agree that the Issuer will redeem some or all of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder on any date (each an "Additional Redemption Date") at such price per Note, 
adjusted for any sales commission or other costs as may be agreed (such amount an "Additional 
Redemption Amount").  In each such case, the Issuer will on the relevant Additional 
Redemption Date redeem each relevant Note as agreed with the Noteholder at the relevant 
Additional Redemption Amount.  All such redeemed Notes will forthwith be cancelled pursuant 
to Condition 6(k) (Cancellation).  For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 6(f) (Purchases) does 
not apply. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi) (Unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of that currency; in the case of Euro, by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro may be 
credited or transferred as specified by the payee. 
(b) 
Registered Notes

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 120 - 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but no other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Global Note 
Certificates or Definitive Notes (as applicable) at the specified office of any of the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents or the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of principal will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar (i) where in global form, at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date").  
(iii) 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due 
date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
"Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
(iv) 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be made in the currency in which 
such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the currency concerned or, if the currency is euro, in such financial 
centre or centres in the eurozone as designated by the Registrar and mailed to the holder 
(or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the 
Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as 
provided above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the 
Relevant Currency designated by the holder (the "Designated Account") with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency is 
euro, in such financial centre in the eurozone notified to the Registrar by such holder.  
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons for 
Coupon sheets where the Notes are in definitive form will not be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the Code and U.S. Treasury Regulations 
thereunder) unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such Notes when 
due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax, legal or regulatory 
consequence to the Issuer. If parts (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer shall 
appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws, Regulations and Directives  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives (but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation).  
(e) 
Appointment of Agents

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 121 - 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer reserve the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint 
additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal 
Paying Agent, (ii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, a Calculation Agent where 
the Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents in relation to Notes having a specified office 
in at least one major European city, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated, and (iv) if, and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, such other 
agents as are required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
will be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or 
after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any 
Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Note Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest 
after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 122 - 
presentation of the relevant Bearer Note or Note Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon Sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon Sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon Sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Relevant Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Relevant Business Day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.   
(i) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent (in each case, where applicable) shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions 
in any calculation or determination in respect of the Notes. Determinations by the Calculation 
Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the 
formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the relevant holders of Notes, Coupons, Receipts 
and Talons. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(j) 
Payment Disruption Event 
If "Payment Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
where the Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is 
likely to occur: 
(i) 
the next date for payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes will be postponed 
to the earliest to occur of (i) the date falling 2 Business Days after the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
occurring or in existence or (ii) the date falling 60 calendar days following the 
scheduled due date for payment of the relevant amount (the "Postponed Payment 
Date"), which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity 
Date. No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of such 
postponement; and 
(ii) 
(i) in the case of (i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount due in respect of the 
Notes in the Specified Currency on the Postponed Payment Date, or (ii) in the case of 
(ii) above, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), and (x) convert the relevant amount due in 
respect of the Notes into U.S. Dollars using the rate of exchange between the Specified 
Currency and the U.S. Dollar that the Calculation Agent determines 5 Business Days 
prior to the Postponed Payment Date and taking into consideration all information that 
it deems relevant. The Issuer will pay such amount in U.S. Dollars less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (if any) of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements in connection with such Payment Disruption Event and/or the related 
payment, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever for the relevant 
payment under the Notes or (y) if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not 
possible to determine the rate of exchange, the Issuer may early redeem all the Notes 
at an amount in U.S. Dollars determined to be the fair market value of such Notes less 
Associated Costs.

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 123 - 
For the purposes of the above, "Payment Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance 
which (a) prevents, restricts or delays the Issuer from converting or delivering relevant 
currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, (c) implements changes to laws relating to 
foreign investments or, (d) otherwise prohibits or prevents the Issuer from making a payment 
or performing an obligation required of it as a result of war, catastrophe, governmental action 
or other event beyond its control, including the relevant currency’s exclusion as a full settlement 
currency in the clearing systems. 
This condition applies to Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and if so permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
8. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons by the Issuer will be made free and clear and without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes constituting TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments 
and/or Coupons or Receipts of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes constituting 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments, in respect of the payment of any interest in respect of such Notes 
only (but not in respect of the payment of any principal in respect of such Notes)) as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders and the Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction. 
The Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts as referred to in the paragraph above in 
relation to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt of Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or to the beneficial owner of the Notes who is 
liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or government charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of his having some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of such Notes; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain if payments 
made to such individuals are not exempt from withholding tax; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such 30th day; or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner in respect of whose Notes 
the Issuer does not receive in a timely manner a duly executed and completed certificate from 
the Principal Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, and any 
implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident holder of an Implicit Yield Notes with a 
duration of more than 12 months; or 
(f) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such holder's identity and tax residence as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures to avoid any withholding tax upon the payment of interest; or 
(g) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such holder's identity and tax residence as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities.  
In addition, additional amounts will not be payable with respect to any taxes that are imposed in respect 
of any combination of the items set forth above.

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 124 - 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Instruments by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes, including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon 
Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") 
is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted 
and such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise 
any Spanish Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (i) the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (ii), subject to the paragraph below, 
a combination of (A) an explicit coupon and (B) the difference between the redemption amount and the 
issue price of the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the 
characteristics set out in (ii) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in 
each year (explicit coupon) is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date. 
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter 
determined by reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for 
(i) three-year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (ii) five 
year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less 
than seven years, or (iii) ten, 15 or 30-year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term 
of more than seven years, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in 
the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
10.1 
Events of Default for Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
This condition applies only to Senior Preferred Notes if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and reference to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, such Event 
of Default shall be an acceleration event in relation to the Senior Preferred Notes of any Series, 
namely:

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 125 - 
(i) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in 
respect of the Notes of the relevant Series and such default continues for a period of 
seven Business Days; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series, or the Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for a period of 30 days following the service by Noteholder on the Issuer of a notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
Winding up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding up or liquidation of the Issuer; or 
(iv) 
Cessation of business: if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole 
or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of a reorganisation (except 
in any such case for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation or a merger, spin-
off or any other structural modification (modificación structural), provided that any 
entity that survives or is created as a result of such reconstruction, merger, spin-off or 
other structural modification is given a rating by an internationally recognised rating 
agency at least equal to the then current rating of the Issuer at the time of such 
transaction), or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or 
admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed 
unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(v) 
Insolvency proceedings: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
or an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or in relation to the whole or a part of its undertaking or assets, or an encumbrancer 
takes possession of the whole or a part of its undertaking or assets, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or a part of its undertaking or assets and (b) in any 
case is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(vi) 
Arrangements with creditors: if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors). 
(b) 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Principal Paying Agent, acting upon a resolution of the relevant Meeting of Noteholders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes of the relevant Series in respect of all the Senior Preferred Notes of a 
relevant Series, or any Noteholder of a Senior Preferred Note of the relevant Series in respect 
of such Senior Preferred Notes and provided that such Noteholder does not contravene the 
resolution of the relevant Meeting of Noteholders may, by written notice to the Issuer, at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, declare that such Senior Preferred Notes or Notes 
and all interest then accrued on such Senior Preferred Notes or Notes shall (when permitted by 
applicable Spanish law) be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become 
immediately due and payable at the Redemption Amount less, in the case of any Instalment 
Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect 
of such Senior Preferred Notes under any other Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with, other 
than in the case of Call Option Rate Notes and Put Option Rate Notes, interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Senior Preferred 
Note or Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of Default in 
respect of the Senior Preferred Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured.

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 126 - 
10.2 
No Events of Default for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, to the extent Condition 10.1 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as not 
applicable, the Senior Preferred Notes, which could lead to an acceleration of the relevant Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes. 
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
insolvency, winding up or liquidation of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any 
Noteholder of any relevant Series in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain 
Senior Preferred Notes may require by written notice addressed to the Issuer at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon 
receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, that 
such Notes be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such 
Notes together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, shall become immediately 
due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as defined above), without further action or 
formality. 
Notwithstanding the above, if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in 
respect of the Notes and such default continues for a period of seven days then, (i) the Principal 
Paying Agent, acting upon a resolution of the Meeting of Noteholders, in respect of all Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, or (ii) unless there has been a resolution to the 
contrary by the Meeting of Noteholders (which resolution shall be binding on all Noteholders), 
any Noteholder in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, as the 
case may be, held by such Noteholder, may institute proceedings for the insolvency, winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer but may take no further or other action in respect of 
such default. 
In addition, (i) the Principal Paying Agent, acting upon a resolution of the Meeting of 
Noteholders, or (ii) unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Meeting of 
Noteholders (which resolution shall be binding on all Noteholders), any Noteholder in respect 
of the Notes held by such Noteholder, may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute 
such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or 
provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not as a 
consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing or measured 
by reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it or any damages. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the 
Notes or any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, the conversion thereof into another 
security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event 
of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Noteholders to any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly 
waived. 
11. 
Substitution and Variation 
If Substitution and Variation is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and a 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event (if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms) or 
a circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 6(b) has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes (as the case may be) or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, 
become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Registrar and the Principal 
Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as 
applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 127 - 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions 
of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to accept 
the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power and authority 
to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the 
Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20, that 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer to that effect to the Principal Paying Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case 
of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) 
in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11, the date such variation becomes 
effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments as embodied in the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to this Condition 11; and 
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11; and 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11; and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as set out in Condition 4; and 
(vi) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right for taxation reasons according to 
Condition 6(b), as applicable; and 
(vii) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any change in the governing law of the Notes from English law to Spanish 
law so that English Law Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes shall not be subject to the 
requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders of the English Law 
Notes; and (ii) any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 4 resulting from 
any such substitution or modification shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable to the interests 
of the Noteholders where the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least 
the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes under Condition 4 on the issue date of such Notes. 
12. 
Waiver of Set-off 
If Waiver of Set-off is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, no Noteholder may 
at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer 
has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any 
and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 128 - 
applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder by the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, subject to 
applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until 
such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and 
accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder but for this Condition. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with 
any Note. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The following provisions apply separately to each Series of Notes. 
(i) 
As used in this Condition 13, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings unless the context otherwise requires: 
"block voting instruction" shall mean a document in English issued by the Principal 
Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent (the "Relevant Paying Agent") and dated, 
in which: 
(a) 
it is certified that Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a voting 
certificate has been issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting 
specified in such block voting instruction or any adjournment thereof) have 
been deposited with the Relevant Paying Agent (or, to the satisfaction of such 
Relevant Paying Agent) are held to its order or under its control at a bank or 
other depositary or are blocked in an account with a clearing system and that 
no such Notes will be released until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such block voting 
instruction or any adjournment thereof; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Relevant Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours 
before the time for which such meeting or adjournment thereof is 
convened, of the receipt issued by such Relevant Paying Agent for 
each such deposited Note which is to be released or (as the case may 
require) the Notes ceasing with the agreement of the Relevant 
Paying Agent to be held to its order or under its control or so blocked 
and notice thereof being given by the Relevant Paying Agent to 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
it is certified that the Relevant Paying Agent has been instructed (either by 
the holders of the Notes or by a relevant clearing system) that the vote(s) 
attributable to the Notes so deposited or blocked should be cast in a particular 
way in relation to the resolution or resolutions to be put to such meeting or 
any adjournment thereof and that all such instructions are, during the period 
of 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or adjourned meeting is 
convened, neither revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(c) 
the total principal amount and the serial numbers, if applicable, of the Notes 
so deposited or blocked are specified, distinguishing with regard to each such 
resolution between those in respect of which instructions have been given as

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 129 - 
aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the 
resolution and those in respect of which instructions have been so given as 
aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution; and 
(d) 
any person named in such document (hereinafter called a "proxy") is 
authorised and instructed by the Relevant Paying Agent to cast the votes 
attributable to the Notes so specified in accordance with the instructions 
referred to in (c) above as set out in such document; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means: 
(a) 
a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained herein by a majority consisting 
of not less than either three-fourths or, in the case of an adjourned meeting, 
two-thirds of the votes cast thereon; 
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
95% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Agent) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding; 
"clearing system" means, in respect of any Note, any clearing system on behalf of 
which such Note is held or which is the bearer or (directly or through a nominee) 
registered holder of a Note, in each case, whether alone or jointly with another clearing 
system; and 
"voting certificate" shall mean a certificate in the English language issued by the 
Relevant Paying Agent and dated, in which it is stated that: 
(a) 
on the date thereof Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a block voting 
instruction has been issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting 
specified in such voting certificate or any adjournment thereof) bearing 
specified serial numbers, if applicable, were deposited with the Relevant 
Paying Agent or (to the satisfaction of such Relevant Paying Agent) are held 
to its order or under its control at a bank or other depositary or are blocked in 
an account with a clearing system and that no such Notes will be released 
until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such voting certificate or 
any adjournment thereof; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the voting certificate to the Relevant Paying Agent 
or such Paying Agent whichever issued the same; and 
(b) 
the bearer of the voting certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such 
meeting or any adjournment thereof in respect of the Notes represented by 
such voting certificate. 
(ii) 
A holder of a Bearer Note may obtain a voting certificate from the Relevant Paying 
Agent or require the Relevant Paying Agent to issue a block voting instruction by 
depositing their Note with the Relevant Paying Agent or (to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Paying Agent) the relevant Note is held to the order of or under the control 
of the Relevant Paying Agent at a bank or other depositary or is blocked in an account 
with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for any meeting. 
Voting certificates and block voting instructions shall be valid until the relevant Notes 
are released pursuant to Condition 13(a)(i) and, until then, the holder of any such 
voting certificate or (as the case may be) the proxy named in any such block voting

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 130 - 
instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with any meeting of Noteholders, be 
deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such voting certificate or block voting 
instruction relates and the Relevant Paying Agent with which (or to the order of which) 
such Notes have been deposited shall be deemed for such purposes not to be the holder 
of those Notes. 
(iii) 
A holder of a Registered Note may by an instrument in writing (a "form of proxy") in 
the form available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent in the English 
language signed by the holder or, in the case of a corporation, executed under its 
common seal or signed on its behalf by an attorney or a duly authorised officer of the 
corporation and delivered to the Transfer Agent not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for any meeting, appoint a proxy to act on their or its behalf in connection with 
any meeting or proposed meeting of Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Any holder of a Registered Note which is a corporation may by delivering to any 
Transfer Agent not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for any meeting a 
resolution of its directors or other governing body in the English language (or a 
certified English translation thereof or written confirmation from a duly authorised 
person on behalf of such corporation) authorising any person to act as its representative 
(a "representative") in connection with any meeting or proposed meeting of 
Noteholders. 
(v) 
Any proxy appointed pursuant to Condition 13(a)(iii) above or representative 
appointed pursuant to Condition 13(a)(iv) shall so long as such appointment remains 
in force be deemed, for all purposes in connection with any meeting or proposed 
meeting of Noteholders specified in such appointment, to be the holder of the 
Registered Notes to which such appointment relates and the holder of the Registered 
Notes shall be deemed for such purposes not to be the holder. 
(vi) 
The Issuer at any time may and shall upon a request in writing by Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the principal amount of the Notes of any Series for the time 
being outstanding convene a meeting of the Noteholders of that Series and, if the Issuer 
fails for a period of seven days to convene the meeting, the meeting may be convened 
by the relevant Noteholders. All references in this Condition 13(a) to "Notes" and 
"Noteholders" shall be to the Notes of the relevant Series and the holders of those 
Notes, respectively. Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any such meeting, such 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice in writing to the Relevant Paying Agent of the day, 
time and place thereof and of the nature of the business to be transacted thereat. Every 
such meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Relevant Paying Agent shall 
approve (which need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference 
call, including by use of a videoconference platform). 
(vii) 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the 
day on which the meeting is held) specifying the day, time and place of meeting shall 
be given to the Noteholders. A copy of the notice shall be given to the Principal Paying 
Agent by the party convening the meeting. Such notice shall be given in the manner 
provided in the Conditions and shall specify the terms of the resolutions to be proposed 
and shall include statements to the effect that: 
(a) 
Bearer Notes may be deposited with or (to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Paying Agent) held to the order of or under the control of the Relevant Paying 
Agent at a bank or other depositary or held in blocked in an account with a 
clearing system for the purpose of obtaining voting certificates or appointing 
proxies not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting; and 
(b) 
the holders of Registered Notes may appoint proxies by executing and 
delivering a form of proxy in the English language to the specified office of 
a Transfer Agent not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting 
or, in the case of corporations, may appoint representatives by (a) resolution 
of their directors or other governing body and by delivering an executed or 
certified copy of such resolution (or, if not in English, a certified English

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 131 - 
translation thereof) or (b) by written confirmation of any duly authorised 
person of such corporation, delivered in such case to a Transfer Agent not 
later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. 
(viii) 
A person (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer 
shall be entitled to take the chair at every such meeting but if no such nomination is 
made or if at any meeting the person nominated shall not be present within fifteen 
minutes after the time appointed for the holding of such meeting the Noteholders 
present shall choose one of their number to be chair, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chair. The chair of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was 
chair of the original meeting. 
(ix) 
At any such meeting any two or more persons present in person holding Notes or voting 
certificates or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than one-tenth in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form 
a quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a 
chair) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the requisite quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be two or more persons 
present holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies or representatives and 
holding or representing in the aggregate a clear majority in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, Provided that at any meeting the business of 
which includes any of the matters specified in the proviso to Condition 13(a)(xxii)the 
quorum shall be two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or 
being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the aggregate not less 
than three-quarters in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(x) 
If within 30 minutes from the time appointed for any such meeting a quorum is not 
present the meeting shall, if convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, be 
dissolved. In any other case, it shall stand adjourned for such period, not being less 
than fourteen days nor more than forty two days, as may be appointed by the chair.  
At such adjourned meeting, two or more persons present in person holding Notes or 
voting certificates or being proxies or representatives (whatever the principal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall form a quorum and shall have the 
power to pass any resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have 
been dealt with a the meeting from which the adjournment took place had a quorum 
been present at such meeting, Provided that the quorum at any adjourned meeting at 
which is to be proposed an Extraordinary Resolution for the purpose of effecting any 
of the modifications specified in the proviso to Condition 13(a)(xxii)shall be two or 
more persons present in person holding Notes or being proxies or representatives and 
holding or representing in the aggregate at least one-tenth in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(xi) 
At least ten days' notice of any meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be 
given in the same manner as of an original meeting and such notice shall state the 
quorum required at such adjourned meeting.  
(xii) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show 
of hands. A poll may be demanded (before or on the declaration of the result of the 
show of hands) by the chair, the Issuer or by one or more persons holding one or more 
Notes or voting certificates or being proxies or representatives and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than one-tenth part of the principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding). In case of equality of votes the chair shall both 
on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes 
(if any) to which he may be entitled as a Noteholder or as a holder of a voting certificate 
or as a proxy or as a representative. 
(xiii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is duly demanded, a declaration by the chair that a 
resolution has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by

--- Page 132 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 132 - 
a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the 
number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution. 
(xiv) 
If at any meeting a poll is so demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject 
as hereinafter provided) either at once or after such an adjournment as the chair directs 
and the result of such poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which 
the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the question on which the poll has been demanded. 
(xv) 
The chair may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting adjourn the 
same form time to time and from place to place but no business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at 
the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(xvi) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the electing of a chair or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(xvii) 
The Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) 
and their respective financial and legal advisers shall be entitled to attend and speak at 
any meeting of the Noteholders. Save as aforesaid, no person shall be entitled to attend 
or vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or to join with others in requesting the 
convening of such a meeting unless he is the holder of a Note or a voting certificate or 
is a proxy or representative. 
(xviii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(a)(vii), at any meeting (a) on a show of hands 
every person who is present in person and produces a Note or a voting certificate or is 
a proxy or a representative shall have one vote and (b) on a poll every person who is 
so present shall have one vote in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to 
the minimum denomination of such Series of Notes so produced or represented by a 
voting certificate so produced or in respect of which he is a proxy or a representative. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies named in any block voting 
instruction or form of proxy, any person entitled to more than one vote need not use 
all their votes or cast all the votes to which they are entitled in the same way. 
(xix) 
The proxy named in any block voting instruction or form of proxy need not be 
a Noteholder. 
(xx) 
Each block voting instruction and each form of proxy, together (if so required by the 
Issuer) with proof satisfactory to the Issuer of its due execution, shall be deposited at 
the specified office of the Relevant Paying Agent or a place specified for the purpose 
by such Relevant Paying Agent not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for 
holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy named in the block 
voting instruction or form of proxy proposes to vote and, in default thereof, the block 
voting instruction or form of proxy shall not be treated as valid unless the chair of the 
meeting decides otherwise before such meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. A notarially certified copy of each such block voting instruction and 
satisfactory proof as aforesaid (if applicable) shall if required by the Issuer be produced 
by the proxy at the meeting or adjourned meeting but the Issuer shall not thereby be 
obliged to investigate or be concerned with the validity of, or the authority of the proxy 
named in, any such block voting instruction or form or proxy. 
(xxi) 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of the block voting instruction or form of 
proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the 
block voting instructions or form of proxy or of any of the instructions of the relevant 
holder or the relevant clearing system (as the case may be) pursuant to which it was 
executed, provided that no indication in writing of such revocation or amendment shall 
have been received from the Relevant Paying Agent or by the chair of the meeting, in 
each case, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting or 
adjourned meeting at which the block voting instruction or form of proxy is used.

--- Page 133 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 133 - 
(xxii) 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall, subject to the provisions contained in the 
Conditions, in addition to the powers hereinbefore given, but without prejudice to any 
powers conferred on other persons by these presents, have the following powers 
exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution namely:  
(a) 
power to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, 
variation or compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the 
Noteholders and/or the holders of Receipts and/or the Couponholders against 
the Issuer whether such rights shall arise under the Notes or otherwise and 
whether or not involving a reduction or cancellation of all or part of the 
principal, interest or other amounts payable in respect of the Notes or an 
extinguishment of some or all of the rights of the Noteholders in respect of 
the Notes; 
(b) 
power to sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, other obligations or securities of the Issuer or 
any body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
power to assent to any modification of the provisions contained in the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons, the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement which shall be proposed by the Issuer any Noteholder or the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
(d) 
power to waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of 
its obligations under the Conditions or any act or omission which might 
otherwise constitute an Event of Default under the Conditions; 
(e) 
power to authorise the Principal Paying Agent or any other person to concur 
in and execute and do all such documents, acts and things as may be necessary 
to carry out and give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
power to give authority, direction or sanction which under the Conditions is 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon 
such committee or committees any powers or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
Provided that the special quorum provisions contained in the proviso to Condition 
13(a)(ix) and, in the case of an adjourned meeting, in the proviso to Condition 13(a)(x) 
shall apply in relation to any Extraordinary Resolution for the purpose of making any 
modification to the provisions contained in the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the 
Conditions which: 
(i) 
amends the dates of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon; or  
(ii) 
reduces or cancels the principal amount or an Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes; or 
(iii) 
reduces the rate of interest in respect of the Notes or varies the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or amount of interest in respect thereof; or  
(iv) 
if there is shown on the face of the relevant Notes a Minimum Interest Rate 
and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, reduces such Minimum Interest Rate and/or 
such Maximum Interest Rate; or  
(v) 
varies the method or basis for calculating the Redemption Amount, Asset 
Amount or Entitlement, as the case may be, in respect of any Note; or

--- Page 134 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 134 - 
(vi) 
varies the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes; or 
(vii) 
modifies the provisions contained in this Condition 13(a) concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment thereof 
or concerning the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(viii) 
would have the effect of giving any authority, direction or sanction which 
under the Notes is required to be given pursuant to a meeting of Noteholders 
to which the special quorum provisions apply; or 
(ix) 
amends this proviso in any manner. 
(xxiii) 
An Extraordinary Resolution (i) passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened 
and held (ii) passed as a resolution in writing (iii) passed by way of electronic consents 
given by Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with this 
Condition 13(a) shall be binding upon all the Noteholders, whether present or not 
present at such meeting referred to in (i) above, and upon all the Couponholders and 
Receiptholders and each of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders shall 
be bound to give effect thereto accordingly. The passing of any such resolution shall 
be conclusive evidence that the circumstances of such resolution justify the passing 
of it. 
(xxiv) 
A written resolution (a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 95% of the 
holders of Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 13(a)) will be valid, 
whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes.  
(xxv) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every such meeting as aforesaid shall be 
made and duly entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by 
the Issuer and any such minutes as aforesaid, if purporting to be signed by the chair of 
the meeting at which such resolutions were passed or proceedings transacted or by the 
chair of the next succeeding meeting of the Noteholders, shall be conclusive evidence 
of the matters therein contained and until the contrary is proved every such meeting in 
respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made and signed as aforesaid 
shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or 
proceedings transacted thereat to have been duly passed and transacted. 
(xxvi) 
For so long as and to the extent that the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, the holder of a Global Note shall, for the purposes of Condition 13(a)(ix), be 
deemed to constitute a quorum and shall, for the purposes of Condition 13(a)(xviii), be 
entitled to two votes under Condition 13(a)(xviii) (a), as well as to the number of votes 
on a poll under Condition 13(a)(xviii) (b) as is equal to the principal amount of the 
Global Note divided by the minimum denomination of each Note represented by the 
Global Note. Such holder need not use all their votes or cast all the votes to which they 
are entitled in the same way. 
(xxvii) Subject to all other provisions contained in this Condition 13(a), the Principal Paying 
Agent may without the consent of the Issuer the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders prescribe any other regulations regarding the calling and/or the holding 
of meetings of Noteholders and attendance and voting at them as the Principal Paying 
Agent may in its sole discretion think fit (including, without limitation, (i) the 
substitution for periods of 24 hours or 48 hours referred to in this Condition 13(a) of 
shorter periods and (ii) the holding of meetings by conference call, including by use of 
a videoconference platform in circumstances where it may be impractical or 
inadvisable to hold physical meetings). Any regulations prescribed by the Principal 
Paying Agent may but need not reflect the practices and facilities of any relevant 
clearing system. Notice of any other regulations may be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a 
meeting.

--- Page 135 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 135 - 
(b) 
Modification 
The Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. Subject as aforesaid and subject 
to Condition 11, no other modification may be made to these Conditions, the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Talons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement, except by way of a 
resolution of a meeting of the relevant Noteholders. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Note Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system requirements, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of the Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar (in the case of Note Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Note 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Note Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
16. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or on the website of the CNMV (so 
long as such Notes are listed on AIAF) or, in either case if any such publication is not practicable, notice 
will be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the Holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 136 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 136 - 
So long as the Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other clearing 
system, notices to Noteholders of Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may 
be) such other clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other clearing system. In addition, for so long as such Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The governing law and jurisdiction of the Notes will be as specified on the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
English law 
If English law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the provisions of this Condition 17(a) will apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing law 
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, English law, provided that, Condition 4 (Status of 
the Notes) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Spanish law.  
(ii) 
English courts 
Subject to Condition 17(a)(iv) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside 
England) below, the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons 
(including a dispute relating to the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons) (a 
"Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholder in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English Courts. 
(iii) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are 
an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(iv) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 17(a)(ii) (English courts) is for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons only. To the extent allowed by law, holders of Notes, 
Coupons, Receipts and/or Talons may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions ("Proceedings"). 
Notwithstanding the above, the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) are to have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute that may arise out of or in connection with 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (a "Bail-in 
Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Issuer and any Holders in relation to any Bail-In 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such Courts. Each of the Issuer and 
any Holders in relation to any Bail-In Dispute further waives any objection to the 
Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) on the ground that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle a Bail-in Dispute.

--- Page 137 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 137 - 
(v) 
Process agent 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it 
by being delivered to Banco Santander, S.A., London branch, Attn.: Operations 
department, 2 Triton Square, Regent's Place, London NW1 3AN or, if different, its 
registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in England at which 
process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any holder of Notes addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent, appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any 
holder of Notes shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed 
to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any holder of Notes to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings 
in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(vi) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION 17(a)(ii) (English courts), THE ISSUER 
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR 
CAUSE OF ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES, THE RECEIPTS 
AND THE COUPONS. THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN 
CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
(b) 
Spanish Law 
If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the provisions of this Condition 17(b) will apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(ii) 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees for the benefit of each of the Noteholders that the 
Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and that 
accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (together referred to as "Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereinafter to the 
laying of the venue of any Proceedings in the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain). To 
the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in this Condition 17(b) shall limit any 
rights of any Noteholders (other than in relation to a Bail-in Dispute) to take 
Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other competent jurisdictions, whether concurrently or not. 
In addition, the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any Bail-in Dispute and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders in relation 
to any Bail-in Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the city of 
Madrid (Spain). Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders in relation to any Bail-in 
Dispute further waives any objection to the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) on the 
ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in 
Dispute.

--- Page 138 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 138 - 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
Additional Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
20. 
Contractual Recognition and Acknowledgment of Bail-in Powers 
20.1 
Acknowledgement  
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 20 includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the Interest 
Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
20.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time 
such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in the Kingdom of Spain 
and the EU applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group. 
20.3 
Notice to Noteholders

--- Page 139 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 139 - 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable regarding such 
exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. Any delay or failure to give notice to the Noteholders will not affect the validity 
or enforceability of the Bail-in Power. 
20.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no 
duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
20.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in 
Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
20.6 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 20 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a Note.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and Additional Amounts, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will 
include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority." 
21. 
Direct Rights 
Insofar as the Notes are in global form, the Issuer and each Noteholder will have agreed that, when each 
Noteholder elects so, the relevant Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this 
Condition 21 and the provisions of the Global Note or the Global Registered Notes, as applicable, with 
regard to the Spanish Law Notes and of the Deed of Covenant with regard to the English Law Notes, to 
claim and receive all payments due at any time in respect of the relevant portion of the corresponding 
Notes credited in the securities account of the Account Holder (the "Direct Rights") and, from that time, 
the said Noteholder will have no further rights under the Global Notes or the Global Registered Notes, 
as applicable, with respect to that relevant portion of the Notes (but without prejudice to the rights which 
the Noteholder or any other person may have under the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Notes, 
as applicable). 
In this Condition 21: 
"Account Holder" means a holder of a securities account, except for a Clearing System or a Custodian 
to the extent that any securities, or rights in respect of securities, credited to such Clearing System or 
Custodian’s securities account are held by such Clearing System or Custodian for the account or benefit 
of a holder of a securities account with that Clearing System or Custodian; 
"Clearing System" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Custodian" means a person who acknowledges to a Clearing System (or to a Custodian and therefore 
indirectly to a Clearing System) that it holds securities, or rights in respect of securities, for the account 
or benefit of that Clearing System (or Custodian); 
"Global Note" means a Global Note (whether in temporary or permanent form) issued pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement; and

--- Page 140 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 140 - 
"Global Registered Note" means a registered global certificate issued pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement representing registered instruments of one or more Tranches of the same Series that are 
registered in the name of a nominee or a common nominee for one or more Clearing Systems or 
Custodians.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 -

--- Page 142 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 142 - 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the "Conditions") and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Inflation Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions 
and/or the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus 
(as the case may be), the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), shall 
prevail. 
Section 1 
Inflation Index Description 
1. 
Delay of Publication 
If any level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of a payment 
under the Notes and/or any other determination in respect of the Notes (a "Relevant Level") has not been 
published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) 
as follows: 
1.1 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
1.2 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under 1.1 above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
1.3 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months 
prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior 
to the next Determination Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Paragraph 1 (Delay of Publication), will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2. 
Cessation of Publication 
If a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation 
]
[
)
ence Level
evel/Refer
 (Latest L
Level 
el = Base 
 Index Lev
 Inflation
Substitute
×
; or

--- Page 143 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 143 - 
Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any previously 
applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Notes by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
If at any time a Successor Inflation Index has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such Successor Inflation Index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" for the purposes of all subsequent Determination 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been 
determined under Paragraph 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d) below; or 
(b) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Paragraph 2(a) above and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated 
using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the 
Inflation Index for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement index comes into 
effect; or 
(c) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Paragraph 2(a) or 2(b) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement 
Inflation Index for the Inflation Index should be. If between four and five responses are received, 
and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same 
Inflation Index, this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three 
responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same Inflation 
Index, this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to Paragraph 2(d) below; or 
(d) 
If no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under Paragraph 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) above by 
the fifth Business Day prior to the next Determination Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index for such Determination Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index", the Calculation Agent shall determine the method of 
determining the Relevant Level if no such alternative Inflation Index is available. 
3. 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Inflation Index") will be used for purposes of determining 
the level of such Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased 
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If 
there is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased 
Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes. 
4. 
Material Modification Prior to Determination Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before a Determination Date, an Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Related 
Bond, or, if there is no Related Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index 
to continue as the Inflation Index. 
5. 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within 30 days of publication and prior to the redemption of the Notes or payments in respect of any 
relevant Determination Date in relation to the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation 
Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent will notify the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 16 
of (i) that correction, (ii) the adjusted amount that is then payable under the Notes as a result of that 
correction and (iii) take such other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction, 
provided that any amount payable pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above shall be paid (with no interest

--- Page 144 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 144 - 
accruing thereon) (a) in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest 
error in the level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which the Determination Date has 
occurred, within five Business Days after notice of such amount payable by the Calculation Agent, (b) 
in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest error in the level of an 
Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which the Determination Date has not occurred, as an 
adjustment to the payment obligation on the next Determination Date, or (c) if there is no further 
Determination Date, within five Business Days after notice of such amount, payable by the Calculation 
Agent. 
6. 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment Correction 
In relation to any inflation index, unless otherwise specified in the definition of the relevant Inflation 
Index set out in Section 3 (Inflation Indices) of this Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes), as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, either: (i) the first publication 
or announcement of the level of the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to this Inflation Linked 
Condition 6, later revisions to the level of the Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations; or (ii) the first publication or announcement of a level of the Inflation Index 
(disregarding estimates) published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor or, if revised, any subsequent 
revision of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive for such Reference Month, 
provided that such revisions are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business 
Days prior to any relevant Determination Date. 
7. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue or be redeemed 
early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the redemption or payment terms of the relevant 
Notes and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Notes and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Note of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the 
date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to that Note of the 
reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Calculation 
Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
Section 2 
Definitions 
1. 
Definitions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes 
In relation to Inflation Linked Notes, the following expressions have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Notes, a Change in Law or Hedging 
Disruption; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent

--- Page 145 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 145 - 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or (y) it 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position); 
"Determination Date" means an Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other relevant payment date 
as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation to the Notes; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no 
bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation linked 
bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference 
to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select 
the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by 
the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) positions or 
contracts in securities, commodities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan 
transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a party in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
(A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or asset(s); 
"Inflation Index" means any index specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms which 
may be specified using the Inflation Indices described in Section 3 (Inflation Indices) of this Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes); 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the entity specified as such in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no entity is specified, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the relevant Inflation Index was 
reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the 
Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month will be the period 
for which the Inflation Index level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, or if no bond 
is so specified, the Fallback Bond. If the Related Bond is the "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination under these Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond (as that is 
defined in this Section 2 (Definitions) hereof). If no bond is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant 
Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means an Inflation Index level, determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 1 (Delay of Publication) of Section 1 (Inflation Index

--- Page 146 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 146 - 
Description) of this Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes), in respect of 
a Determination Date; and 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2 (Cessation of Publication) of 
Section 1 (Inflation Index Description) of this Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation 
Linked Notes). 
Section 3 
Inflation Indices 
European Union 
(a) 
"EUR – Excluding Tobacco-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and published by 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for 
a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
"EUR – All Items-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Harmonised Index 
of Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(c) 
"EUR – All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Revised Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent 
revisions of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant 
Determination Date. 
France 
(a) 
"FRC – Excluding Tobacco-Non-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France excluding tobacco expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
(b) 
"FRC – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
Spain 
(a) 
"ESP – National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Year on Year Revised Index of 
Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain, 
expressed as an annual percentage and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of such 
level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are published 
or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to the relevant Determination 
Date. 
(b) 
"ESP – National-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of

--- Page 147 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 147 - 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(c) 
"ESP – Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of 
such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are 
published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to the relevant 
Determination Date. 
(d) 
"ESP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
United Kingdom 
(a) 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index (UKRPI)" means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index All 
Items in the United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the all items rate of 
inflation in the United Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(b) 
"GBP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the United Kingdom, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(c) 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments (UKRPIX)" 
means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments in the United 
Kingdom", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, measuring the all items rate of inflation in the United 
Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
United States 
"USA – Non-revised Consumer Price Index – Urban (CPI-U)" means the "Non-revised index of Consumer 
Prices for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) before seasonal adjustment", or relevant Successor Inflation Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the United States expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for such Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
Italy 
(a) 
"ITL – Whole Community – Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) senza tabacchi" or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
"ITL – Whole Community – Including Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) con tabacchi", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the

--- Page 148 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
- 148 - 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations. 
(c) 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index" means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) senza 
tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(d) 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Including Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index" means the "Indice prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) con tabacchi", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
(e) 
"ITL – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Italy, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor. The first publication 
or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 149 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 149 - 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") and the additional terms and conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions"), together with 
the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and, in each case, subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the 
Applicable Transaction Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), shall prevail. 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance;  
(vii) 
Nationalisation; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (vii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that 
date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining 
the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced

--- Page 150 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 150 - 
 
by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below: 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation 
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day), unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in 
which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the 
case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices); or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of 
each Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, 
each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant 
day or (y) if greater, its principal amount. 
(c) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 1, then the corresponding date for payment shall fall on the later of (a) the date for 
such payment otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction Terms and (b) the 
day falling on the Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock out Determination Day, as the case may be.

--- Page 151 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 151 - 
 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2 apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption 
Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX 
Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining 
the consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality.  
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled 
Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided 
that if such Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement following the originally designated Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, then the next Scheduled 
Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the Unscheduled 
Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Price shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into account 
relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events

--- Page 152 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 152 - 
 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a 
Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which 
a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
is deferred due to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a 
combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the 
aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), 
then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source 
Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not 
apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption 
Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment shall fall on the later of (a) the date for 
such payment otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction Terms and (b) the 
day falling on the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:  
(i) 
if "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
if "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an 
EM Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, such Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation 
Time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the 
one-hour period that begins or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred, a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, then, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, all but 
not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the Automatic Early Redemption Date

--- Page 153 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 153 - 
 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at 
an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 4.2. 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is: 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the

--- Page 154 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 154 - 
 
corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
(or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation 
Agent Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM 
Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such Subject Currency. 
Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms until the Settlement 
Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day.  
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback 
EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms).

--- Page 155 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 155 - 
 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "Second Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second 
Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms).  
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted 
Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement 
following the originally designated Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price 
shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in accordance with 
the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.  
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent).   
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (each, an "EM Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then 
such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.  
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the EM FX Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 156 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 156 - 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to 
hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date, 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, 
the day on which rates for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant 
Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging.  
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):  
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level or (B) within the Knock-in Range, (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day, or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 
1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-

--- Page 157 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 157 - 
 
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 4.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;  
(ii) 
greater than or equal to;  
(iii) 
less than; or  
(iv) 
less than or equal to,  
the Knock-out Level or (B) within the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  
"Knock-out Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which

--- Page 158 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 158 - 
 
makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally 
to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate 
differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price 
Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of 
a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial 
centre of each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case 
of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of 
Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a 
Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an 
EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
provided that where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no 
adjustment to such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC 
Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 
1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above, as the case may be:

--- Page 159 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 159 - 
 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject 
Currencies and in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the spot rate of 
exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or 
part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency 
exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
as the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied 
by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of 
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM 
Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount 
equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as 
applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for 
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid 
and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as 
applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of 
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange

--- Page 160 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED NOTES 
- 160 - 
 
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM 
Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) (Consequences of a Disruption Event), or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(together, "Subject Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware 
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 161 - 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts 
shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other 
Annex and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Reference Item Linked Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features 
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3 and 4 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the 
basis that (i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout 
Condition 4 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at 
the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms 
defined in Payout Condition 4 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Rate of Interest or a Final Payout may equal the sum of two or more payouts. In 
addition, where Payout Condition 8 (UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes), Payout Condition 9 (UDI Inflation-
Adjusted Notes) or Payout Condition 10 (UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes) applies, the words "adjusted by 
the relevant Inflation Adjusted Rate may be added where appropriate together with the appropriate text 
shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3 and 4 below. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be attributed a numerical 
or letter suffix value when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Without limitation, the suffix 
can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be 
completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", 
"B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed 
in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve the 
reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the applicable suffixes 
may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be explained and may 
be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Applicable Transaction Terms. A term in Payout Condition 4 
may be included in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms section more than once if there is more 
than one number represented by the term "n", "t" or "i". Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation 
may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item 
or date associated with that suffix. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be replaced in the Applicable Transaction Terms by 
the prescribed amount, level, or percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable 
Data has a value of either zero or one, or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the 
related formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the 
formula(e) in Applicable Transaction Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note types 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such 
Notes are, where the Interest Basis is: Inflation Linked, an "Inflation Linked Interest Note"; Reference 
Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, 
a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note"; (each, a "Reference Item Linked Interest 
Note"). The Notes can also bear no interest in which case the Notes may be Zero Coupon Notes, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 162 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 162 - 
 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Redemption/Payment Basis applicable in respect of 
a Note. Such Notes are, where the Redemption/Payment Basis is: Inflation Linked, an "Inflation Linked 
Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note"; 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note"; 
(each, a "Reference Item Linked Redemption Note"). 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payouts for Reference Item Linked Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 18(vi) (Rate of Interest) in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. Note: where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 19 or 20 as applicable, in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms should be completed. 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Rate(i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Constant Percentage (i) + Max[Floor Percentage; Leverage∗ 
(Coupon Value(i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" "Range Accrual A" 
 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest (ix)" "Digital One Barrier": 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" 
or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"; for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout 
formula for this paragraph (A) may be different from the interest payout formula for 
paragraph (B)];  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) 
Leverage(i) * Reference Spread(i) + Spread(i) 
Previous Interest(i) + Leverage(i) * Reference Item Rate(i) + Spread(i)
Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value(i) + Spread(i)) + Constant Percentage(i) 
𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑖𝑖) * ൫𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(𝑖𝑖) + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)൯ * 𝑛𝑛𝑁𝑁
ൗ

--- Page 163 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 163 - 
 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" 
or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"; for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout 
formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the interest payout formula for 
paragraph (A)].  
(x) 
"Rate of Interest (x)" "Podium": 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or 
"Rate of Interest (xxxv)"]; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied 
in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]:  
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or 
"Rate of Interest (xxxv)"; for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest payout 
formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the interest payout formula for 
paragraph (A)];  
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [(select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"; for the avoidance of doubt the selected interest 
payout formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the interest payout 
formulae for (A) and (B) respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph (B) may be duplicated in case more than two 
Coupon Barriers apply) 
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest (xi)" "Memory Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
 or 
(B) 
Otherwise, [zero][Constant Percentage [1]][select and insert the Interest Payout 
formula from any one of the "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), 
"Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"] . 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest (xii)" "Counter" 
 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter" 
 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xiv)" "Call with Individual Caps" 
 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest (xv)" "Cappuccino" 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i); 
Rate(i) ∗ n 
Rate(n) 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൥𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(𝑖𝑖); ෍൫𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅ℎ𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡(𝑘𝑘) * 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖); 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖, 𝑘𝑘)]൧൯– 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)
𝐾𝐾
𝑘𝑘=1
൩
+ 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶tan𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡(𝑖𝑖)

--- Page 164 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 164 - 
 
 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xvi)" "Fixed Best" 
 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest (xvii)" "Cliquet" 
 
(xviii) 
"Rate of Interest (xviii)" "Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 and is 
less than or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest (xix)" "Cliquet Digital Lock in" 
 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest (xx)" "Digital Coupon One Condition" 
(A) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B(i). 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxi)" "Digital Coupon Two Conditions" 
(A) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], but the Digital Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied 
in respect of such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B(i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
Rate C(i). 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൥𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(𝑖𝑖); ෍(𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅ℎ𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡(𝑘𝑘) * 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖, 𝑘𝑘)])– 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)
𝐾𝐾
𝑘𝑘=1
൩
+ 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶tan𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡(𝑖𝑖)
 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൥𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(𝑖𝑖); ෍(𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅ℎ𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡(𝑘𝑘) * 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(𝑖𝑖, 𝑘𝑘)])– 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)
𝐾𝐾
𝑘𝑘=1
൩ 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൥෍(𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖);  𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖)]])– 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆,  𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹1
𝑇𝑇
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൥𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹; ෍൫𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖);  𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖)]൧൯−𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒; 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹1
𝑇𝑇
𝑖𝑖=1
൩

--- Page 165 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 165 - 
 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxii)" – "TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period [and 
provided that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred]: 
[select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"]; 
[and] 
(B) 
in respect of the Target Final Interest Period [and provided that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has not occurred]: 
Final Interest Rate[; and 
(C) 
In respect of the Interest Period in which an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs: 
Final AER Interest Rate]. 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) [and (C)] above and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, the Day Count Fraction for the purposes of calculating the Interest Amount 
for the Target Final Interest Period [or the Interest Period in which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs] in accordance with Condition 5(b)(x) (Calculation of Interest 
Amount) shall be 1. 
(xxiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiii)" – "Ratchet" 
 
(xxiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiv)" – "Booster" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxv) 
Coupon Value (i) 
(xxvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxvi)" – "Call Option Interest Rate": 
(A) 
in respect of the first Interest Payment Date: 
[specify percentage]; 
(B) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Issuer Call is exercised, the 
percentage specified in the table below in respect of such Interest Payment Date: 
Interest Payment Date 
Percentage 
[specify] 
[specify]% 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in 
each row.] 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Previous Interest(i); Rate(i)] 
Constant Percentage + Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage, Booster Number * Constant
Percentage 2]]
 
Constant Percentage + Max [Floor Percentage, Booster Number * Constant Percentage 2 ]

--- Page 166 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 166 - 
 
(C) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Issuer Call is not exercised, 
[specify percentage]; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date: 
[select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"]. 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxvii)" ‒ "Put Option Interest Rate": 
(A) 
in respect of the first Interest Payment Date: 
[specify percentage]; 
(B) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Noteholder Put is exercised, 
the percentage specified in the table below in respect of such Interest Payment Date: 
Interest Payment Date 
Percentage 
[specify] 
[specify]% 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in 
each row.] 
(C) 
in respect of any Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date and 
the Final Interest Payment Date) in respect of which the Noteholder Put is not 
exercised, [specify percentage]; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date: 
[select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"]. 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then in respect of the related Interest Payment 
Date][and provided that [(B)] [or] [(C)] below [is][are] not also satisfied in respect of 
such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][select and insert the interest 
payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" 
(inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"] 
[and in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"][; or] 
[Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4]][select and insert the interest payout formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of 
Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)]. 
(B) 
[Not applicable] If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then (A) above will not apply] and [in 
respect of the related Interest Payment Date][and each subsequent Interest Payment

--- Page 167 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 167 - 
 
Date][and provided that [(C)] below [is] not also satisfied in respect of such [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4]][select and insert the interest payout formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of 
Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the 
final payout formula for the above paragraph]. 
(C) 
[Not applicable] If Coupon Barrier Condition [3] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][then (A) and (B) above will not apply] 
[in respect of the related Interest Payment Date][and each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the final 
payout formulae for (A) and (B) respectively]. 
[(D) 
[Provided] [further] [that if no Lock in has occurred] [the Rate of Interest in respect of 
the Final Interest Payment Date will be [zero][Constant Percentage 4][select and insert 
the Interest Payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest 
(viii)" 
(inclusive), 
"Rate 
of 
Interest 
(xxv)" 
or 
"Rate 
of 
Interest 
(xxxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)][; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout 
formula for this paragraph (D) may be different from the final payout formulae for (A), 
(B) and (C) respectively]. 
(xxix) 
"Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya" 
Max [0%; Min [Cap Percentage; Performance Final]] 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest (xxx)" 
(A) 
(i) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date, the relevant Fixed Best Percentage * Constant Percentage; or 
otherwise 
(ii) 
zero; plus 
(B) 
[select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or "Rate of Interest 
(xxxv)"][Rate(i)+SumRate(i)].  
(xxxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable" 
(A) 
If the Switch Condition is satisfied:  
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the interest payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest (xxv)" or 
"Rate of Interest (xxxv)"] [Rate(i) * n] [Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; 
Leverage * RI Value]]]; or  
(B) 
If the Switch Condition is not satisfied: 
[zero] [Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the interest payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (viii)" (inclusive), "Rate of Interest 
(xxv)" or "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"] [Rate(i) * n] [Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor 
Percentage; Leverage * RI Value]]]. 
(xxxii) "Rate of Interest (xxxii)" "Digital Barrier":

--- Page 168 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 168 - 
 
(1) 
In respect of every Interest Payment Date prior to the final Interest Payment Date 
specified in item 20(i): 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date (n): 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
Otherwise:  
zero; and  
(2) 
in respect of the final Interest Payment Date specified in item 20(i) 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
Otherwise [if no Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date] 
[Constant Percentage 2][ or ][if an Interest Amount has been payable since the 
Issue Date]: 
Constant Percentage [3]. 
(xxxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxxiii)" "Alternate Currency": 
In each case notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or [these Final Terms/this 
Pricing Supplement], the Interest Amount in respect of each Calculation Agent will be 
determined as follows and payable in the relevant currency specified below: 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[insert currency amount per Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 1[*Day Count 
Fraction]] [specify amount and currency]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[insert currency amount per Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 2[*Day Count 
Fraction]] [specify amount and currency]. 
(xxxiv) "Rate of Interest (xxxiv)" "Growth and Income": 
In respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
(A) 
(i) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of such ST Coupon 
Valuation Date [including the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date][excluding 
the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date] 
Constant Percentage; or 
(ii) 
Otherwise [and in any event in relation to the Final ST Coupon Valuation 
Date]: 
Zero[.][; plus 
(B) 
In respect of the Final ST Coupon Valuation Date only: 
[Min[Cap Percentage;] Max[Floor Percentage; Coupon Value(i) – Calculated Coupon 
Percentage]] 
(xxxv) "Rate of Interest (xxxv)"

--- Page 169 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 169 - 
 
Max [Floor Percentage 1;Min [Cap Percentage 1; [Constant Percentage 1+] (Leverage 1 * (Max 
[Floor Percentage 2] Min [Cap Percentage 2; Coupon Value(i))]] [+]/[-] [Leverage 2 *] (Max 
[Floor Percentage 3;]Min [Cap Percentage 3; Coupon Value(ii))]])]] 
(xxxvi) "Rate of Interest (xxxvi)" "Dropback" 
(A) 
if no Trigger Condition has ever been satisfied: 
𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪𝑪 𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷∗ቀ
𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰 𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷 𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫
𝑫𝑫𝑫𝑫
ቁ∗
𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰𝑰 𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨 𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷𝑷; or 
(B) 
if a Trigger Condition has ever been satisfied, the sum of (A)(i) where the relevant 
Interest Payment Date coincides with the Maturity Date, a percentage equal to the 
greater of (x) the Uncapped Dropback Value minus the Capped Dropback Value and 
(y) zero or (ii) in relation to any Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date, zero 
and (B) a percentage determined by reference to the follow: 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃 ×
∑
Total Days(i) ×  Coupon Adjusted Ratio(i) 
TC(i)
i=1
DC
 
(xxxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxxvii)" "Call Swaption" 
𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑖𝑖) ∗𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷01 ∗𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉(𝑖𝑖) + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖) −𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 0%] 
(xxxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxxviii)" "Put Swaption" 
𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑖𝑖) ∗𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷01 ∗𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚 ൣ𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃−൫𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉(𝑖𝑖) + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)൯; 0%൧ 
(xxxix) "Rate of Interest (xxxix)" "Convexity A" 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑖𝑖) ∗(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉(𝑖𝑖) −
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃)2 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖)]൧  
(xl) 
"Rate of Interest (xl)" "Convexity B" 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃−𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 1(𝑖𝑖) ∗
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉(𝑖𝑖) + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 2(𝑖𝑖) ∗𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉(𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖)]൧  
(xli) 
"Rate of Interest (xli)" "Range Accrual B" 
𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 (𝑖𝑖) ∗൫𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(𝑖𝑖) + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 (𝑖𝑖)൯∗𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀൤0; 2𝑛𝑛−𝑁𝑁
𝑁𝑁
൨ 
(xlii) 
"Rate of Interest (xlii)" "Range Accrual C" 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ቂ(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃 1 ∗ቀ
𝑛𝑛
𝑁𝑁ቁ−൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃 2 ∗ቀ
𝑁𝑁−𝑛𝑛
𝑁𝑁ቁ൰; 0 𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 𝑐𝑐𝑐𝑐𝑐𝑐𝑐𝑐ቃ  
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For completion and insertion into Paragraph 31 (Final Payout) of the applicable Final Terms or 
Paragraph 33 (Final Payout) (or other relevant paragraph) of the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)" 
 
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Strike Percentage  - FR Value)) * RI FX Rate

--- Page 170 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 170 - 
 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; Additional 
Leverage * (Cap Percentage – (FR Value – Strike Percentage))]) * RI FX Rate 
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Call Cap Percentage; Max [Cap Floor Percentage; 
Call Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage) + Call Spread Percentage]])) * RI FX Rate 
(iv) 
"Redemption (iv)" 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Put Cap Percentage; Max [Put Floor Percentage; 
Put Strike Percentage – Put Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage)]])) * RI FX Rate  
(v) 
"Redemption (v)" 
 
(vi) 
"Redemption (vi)" "Booster" 
 
(vii) 
"Redemption (vii)" "Digital": 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise [if no Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date, Constant 
Percentage 2] [if an Interest Amount has been payable since the Issue Date:] 
[Constant Percentage [2/3]][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the final 
payout formula for paragraph (A)]. 
(viii) 
"Redemption (viii) – Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the final 
payout formula for paragraph (A)]. 
(ix) 
"Redemption (ix)" "Podium": 
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive)]; or 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage * (Min [Call Cap Percentage; Max [Call Floor Percentage; Call
Leverage * FR Value + Call Strike Percentage)]])) * RI FX Rate + (Additional Leverage * (Min
[Put Cap Percentage; Max [Put Floor Percentage; Put Strike Percentage – Put Leverage * FR
Value]])) * RI FX Rate 
Constant Percentage 1 + (Constant Percentage 2 + Booster Number * Constant Percentage 3) * 
FR Value

--- Page 171 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 171 - 
 
(B) 
If Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption Condition 
[1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the final 
payout formula for paragraph (A)]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the final payout formula from any one o– 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the final 
payout formula for any of the preceding paragraphs]. 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Final 
Redemption Condition Levels apply). 
(x) 
"Redemption (x)" "Twin Win" 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1 + (Max [Floor Percentage; Lever Down *FR Value]) * RI FX 
Rate]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2 + (Lever Up 1 * Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; Floor 
Percentage 1]) * RI FX Rate + (Lever Up 2 * Max [FR Value – Strike Percentage 1; 
Floor Percentage 2]) * RI FX Rate] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4] + (Max [Floor Percentage; Lever Down * FR 
Value]) * RI FX Rate]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4] + (Lever Up 1 * Max [Strike Percentage - FR Value; 
Floor Percentage 1]) * RI FX Rate + (Lever Up 2 * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [FR 
Value – Strike Percentage 1; Floor Percentage 2]]) * RI FX Rate].  
(xi) 
"Redemption (xi)" "Himalaya " 
 
(xii) 
"Redemption (xii)" "Memory" 
 
(xiii) 
"Redemption (xiii) – Lock in" 
(A) 
If Lock in has occurred: 
[100%][select and insert the final payout formula from any o–e of "Redemption (i) to 
"Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive)]; or 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑃𝑃𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿*𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ൥
1
𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇* ෍𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵(𝑖𝑖) −𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆(𝑖𝑖);  𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖)]; 0
𝑀𝑀
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
Constant Percentage + SumRate(n)

--- Page 172 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 172 - 
 
(B) 
If Lock in has not occurred: 
[100%][select and insert the final payout formula from any o–e of "Redemption (i) to 
"Redemption (vi) - Booster" (inclusive)]. 
(xiv) 
"Redemption (xiv)" "Switchable" 
(A) 
If the Switch Condition is satisfied: 
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) – Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the final 
payout formula for the below paragraph]; or  
(B) 
If the Switch Condition is not satisfied: 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the final payout formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (vi) – Booster" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph may be different from the final 
payout formula for the above paragraph]. 
(xv) 
"Redemption (xv)" "Alternate Currency" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date] [ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 1] [specify amount and currency]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Calculation Amount*Constant Percentage 2] [specify amount and currency]. 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then: 
For insertion into Paragraph 32(iii) of the applicable Final Terms (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) 
or Paragraph 34(iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) (or other relevant Paragraph) of the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
If ST Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
; or 
(ii) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in the Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
Calculation Amount* (100%[+Final Interest Rate]); 
4. 
Definitions 
4.1 
General Definitions 
"Additional Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST ER Valuation Date] or [ST ER Valuation Period], 
[the AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT]. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
Calculation Amount * (AER Percentage + AER Additional Rate)

--- Page 173 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 173 - 
 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable Day 
Count Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST 
Valuation Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date to [and 
including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date falls][the date of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means [specify value from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Allocation Percentage" means, in respect of a Redemption Valuation Date, a percentage calculated as:  
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃− ∑
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴(𝑖𝑖)
𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇
𝑖𝑖=1
. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each 
Inflation Index specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; or (b) if the relevant Reference Items are 
Subject Currencies, a basket composed of each Subject Currency specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms in each case subject to Weightings if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest 
RI Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya 
Basket(i). 
"Booster Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Booster Number" means the number of times that the Booster Condition is satisfied. 
"Booster Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 4.2)]. 
"Call Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Rate" means:  
 
"Call Spread Rate" means:  
 
"Call Spread Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Capped Dropback Value" means the lesser of (x) the Uncapped Dropback Value and (y) 100%. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Leverage(i) * Max [Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i); Floor
Percentage(i)]
Constant Percentage(i) + Leverage(i) * Min [Max [Coupon Value(i) −Strike Percentage(i) + Spread(i);
 Floor Percentage(i)]; Cap Percentage(i)]

--- Page 174 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 174 - 
 
(a) 
if in respect of a ST Valuation Date the Cappuccino Barrier Condition is satisfied, Cap 
Percentage(i); and 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k). 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Adjusted Ratio(i)" means, in respect of a Trigger Condition, the relevant percentage specified 
in the table set out in the definition of Trigger Barrier Level(i) next to the relevant Trigger Barrier 
Level(i), in respect of which the relevant Trigger Condition has been satisfied. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4][5]" means [specify amount, percentage or number]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], [and in respect]of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 4.2].  
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
 
"Coupon Value[(i)][(ii)]" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation 
Period, [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2].  
"Current Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest which would have applied to the Current Interest 
Period had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not occurred. 
"Current Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction which would have applied to the Current 
Interest Period or the Final Interest Period, as applicable had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not 
occurred. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"DC" means [specify number]. 
"Final AER Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following:] [specify] [zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [Target Coupon Percentage less Paid Coupon Percentage.] 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Current Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; Target Coupon Percentage 
less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; Target Coupon 
Percentage less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Coupon Rate" means [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Final Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following][specify][zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon 
Percentage.] 
෍𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖); 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖)]]
𝑡𝑡
𝑖𝑖=1
 
T
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀
t=1
൥෍𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹(𝑖𝑖); 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖); 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶(𝑖𝑖)]]
𝑡𝑡
𝑖𝑖=1
൩

--- Page 175 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 175 - 
 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] [Target 
Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] [Target 
Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify 
defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Fixed Best Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from the 
quotient of the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage].  
"FR Condition Level" means [specify percentage, amount or number]. 
"FR Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST FR Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Date] [ST FR Valuation 
Period], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference 
Item in Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1). 
"Initial Allocation Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, [insert, or describe dates, 
including any Business Day adjustment]. 
"Interest Period Days" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the number of calendar days in 
the related Interest Period.  
"Investment Amount(i)" means, in respect of a Trigger Condition Date, the percentage specified in the 
table set out in the definition of Trigger Barrier Level(i) next to the Trigger Barrier Level(i) in respect of 
which the Trigger Condition has been satisfied on such Trigger Condition Date. 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Lever Down" means [specify percentage]. 
"Leverage [1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage or number]. 
"Lever Up [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage].

--- Page 176 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 176 - 
 
"Lock in" will have occurred if "(xxviii) "Rate of interest (xxviii) – Lock in" (A) has been satisfied 
provided that (B) or (C) are not also satisfied". 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].  
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(a) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference Items, 
the Fixed Best Percentage; and 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter"[, [specify percentage or number];] [: 
(i) 
unless an Optional Redemption Date has occurred, in respect of the Interest Payment 
Date falling on or around [specify date], [specify percentage or number]; 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of the relevant Optional Redemption Date only, the [percentage] 
[number] set out in the table below in respect of such Optional Redemption Date: 
N 
Optional Redemption Date [falling on 
or around] 
[specify percentage or number] 
[specify date(s)]] 
 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number calculated as: the number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from 
the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation Date) on which the Barrier Count 
Condition is satisfied;  
(c) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A", "Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual 
B" or "Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, 
the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the [Range Accrual 
Coupon Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition] is satisfied; and 
(d) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable", a number calculated as the number of ST 
Coupon Valuation Dates occurring in the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date to, and 
including, the ST Coupon Valuation Date in respect of which the Switch Condition is satisfied. 
"N" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiv) – Variable Counter" and in respect of "Rate of Interest (xvii) 
– Podium", [specify number] being the maximum number of times that the Barrier Count 
Condition may be satisfied from [and including] the Issue Date to [but excluding] the Maturity 
Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A", "Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual 
B" or "Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the total 
number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
"nfixed" means [specify number].

--- Page 177 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 177 - 
 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or a 
Target Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) 
the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest 
Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period 
(in the case of a Target Determination Date). 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined 
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect 
of the first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Put Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 4.2][in respect of an ST Coupon 
Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2][the Reference 
Spread]. 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Reference Item by 
RI Value from lowest RI Value to greatest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate[(i)] [A][B][C] [1][2]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], [specify fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 22 of the 
Applicable Transaction Terms][[+/-][specify margin]%][the Call Rate][the Call Spread Rate][Inflation 
Rate]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiv) –Variable Counter" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of times that 
Barrier Count Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Redemption (xii) – Memory" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the rate specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of Reference Items in the 
Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate [(i)][1][2]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date or a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of Interest or Rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 5(b). For this purpose, references in Condition 5(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest or Rate 
being determined for each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest or Rate being 
determined for the applicable ST Valuation Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date or, as the case may be, ST 
Coupon Valuation Period. The publication requirements set out in Condition 5(b)(xii) shall not apply 
where the Rate of Interest is a Reference Item Rate or Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2].[NB 
Complete Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect ISDA Determination for relevant [CMS rates] CMT 
Rates]. Repeat for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary] 
"RI Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage]. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage].

--- Page 178 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 178 - 
 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"SumRate(i)" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous Rates for 
each ST Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the relevant 
Barrier Count Condition was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"SumRate(n)" means the sum of the Rate(n) determined on the [ST FR Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Date]. 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"TC" means the number of Trigger Conditions that have been satisfied during the ST DB Valuation 
Period, with each such Trigger Condition being satisfied in respect of a Trigger Barrier Level(i), as set 
out in the table in the definition of Trigger Barrier Level(i). 
"TC(i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the number of Trigger Conditions that have 
been satisfied during the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and including) the ST Coupon 
Valuation Period End Date in respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total Days(i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period and a Trigger Condition, (i) the total 
number of calendar days during the period from (but excluding) the ST Coupon Valuation Period Start 
Date to (and including) the Trigger Condition Date in respect of such Trigger Condition and such ST 
Coupon Valuation Period, or (ii) if a Trigger Condition has been satisfied in respect of any prior ST 
Coupon Valuation Period, then Total Days(i) in respect of such Trigger Condition will be equal to zero 
for the current ST Coupon Valuation Period. 
"Total M" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation 
Periods] for the Notes. 
"Trigger Barrier(i)" means, in respect of a [ST DB Valuation Period][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
and a [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date], the first Trigger Barrier Level(i) in the table 
set out in the definition of Trigger Barrier Level(i) in respect of which the Trigger Condition has not 
already been satisfied in respect of such [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] or any 
previous [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] in the [ST DB Valuation Period][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period].  
"Trigger Barrier Level(i)" means each percentage specified as such in the table below and, where the 
context so requires, such relevant percentage in respect of which the relevant Trigger Condition has been 
satisfied: 
Trigger Condition(i) 
Trigger 
Barrier 
Level(i) 
[Coupon 
Adjusted 
Ratio(i)] 
[Investment 
Amount(i)] 
[specify number of 
Trigger 
Conditions 
from 1 to n] 
[specify percentage] 
[specify percentage] 
[specify 
percentage] 
"Uncapped Dropback Value" means: 
𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃+ ∑
(Investment Amount 
TC
i=1
(i) x (Constant Percentage +
Dropback Perfomance)) 
"Weighting" means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
4.2 
Value Definitions 
"ABS Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the absolute value of the 
[Basket Closing Value [A][B]][Performance][Performance Difference][Basket Performance][Worst 
Performance][Basket Value [A][B]][Restrike Performance].

--- Page 179 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 179 - 
 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding and including the Current Interest Period, as 
the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case, for such Interest 
Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values [A][B] on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Rainbow Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the RI Values for such Reference Item on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation 
Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of 
the RI Closing Values for a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference 
Item on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.  
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing 
Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage 
Strike Price. 
"Basket Closing Value [A][B]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference 
Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item 
in the Basket as (a) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Performance [A][B]" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference 
Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage]. 
"Basket Value [A][B]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) 
[from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by 
(b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value for 
all the Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in 
respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in 
respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the 
highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date.

--- Page 180 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 180 - 
 
"Calculated Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each prior ST Coupon Valuation Date (if any) as the Rate of Interest, where 
applicable multiplied by the Day Count Fraction.  
"CMS1010 Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date (a)(i) the CMS1010 Value in respect 
of such day [plus][minus][multiplied by][divided by] (ii) the CMS1010 Value in respect of the 
immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or, if none, the Strike Date (b) less 100%. 
"CMS1010 Value" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0120𝑦𝑦 ,    1.25 ∗𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0110𝑦𝑦൧∗𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶20 – 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0110𝑦𝑦∗𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶10 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ൣ𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0120𝑦𝑦 ,    1.25 ∗𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0110𝑦𝑦൧ – 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷0110𝑦𝑦
 
where: 
"CMS10" means Rate [2] in respect of such ST Valuation Date;   
"CMS20" means Rate [1] in respect of such ST Valuation Date; 
"DV0120y" means, in respect of such ST Valuation Date:  
[1 −(1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶20)−20]/𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶20 
"DV0110y" means, in respect of such ST Valuation Date:  
[1 −(1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶10)−10]/𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶10 
"Dropback Performance" means, in respect of the Redemption Valuation Date, an amount expressed 
as a percentage calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(Dropback Value Final −[Trigger Barrier Level (i)][Dropback Value (i)][RI Initial Value]) 
[Trigger Barrier Level (i)][Dropback Value (i)][RI Initial Value]
 
Where: 
"Dropback Value Final" means the Dropback Value in respect of the Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
"Dropback Value (i)" means the Dropback Value in respect of the relevant Trigger Condition 
Date (i). 
"Dropback Value" means RI Value. 
"DV01" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date: 
[1 −(1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(𝑖𝑖))−𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃]
𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(𝑖𝑖)
 
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each 
Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the Strike Date. 
"FX Forward Rate" means, in relation to any day, the forward rate in relation to a non-deliverable 
forward rate transaction for the exchange of [the Specified Currency][the SER Base Currency] into [the 
SER Base Currency][the Specified Currency] for settlement on [insert date] [by reference to [insert 
page/source] (or any successor [page][source] thereto], all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 181 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 181 - 
 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day 
divided by the RI FX Strike Level; or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such 
day, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket 
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Best Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the 
highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such 
ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 4.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for 
a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Closing Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date, the RI Closing 
Value of a Reference Item on the Valuation Date. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day 
in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in 
the Strike Period. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement Price in the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the applicable Valuation Time 
shall be any relevant time on the relevant ST Valuation Date.  
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI 
Inverse Value in respect of such day minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage] [and multiplied by (c) the FX 
Value]. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket 
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 182 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 182 - 
 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the 
lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST 
Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal 
lowest RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"M" means [insert value]. 
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) [specify 
percentage][minus][plus][multiplied by][divided by] the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of 
such day[[ minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage]] [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]][multiplied by 
(b) the FX Value minus (c) [100%][Strike Percentage]]. 
"Performance Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the Performance for Reference 
Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the 
Performance for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [B]] in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Performance Final" means the arithmetic average of the Periodic Performances in respect of each [ST 
Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period]. 
"Performing RI Strike Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Initial Value in respect 
of the Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Periodic Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] and all 
Reference Items, the highest [RI Average Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date] [RI Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period] provided that: (i) in the case of two or more equal 
highest [RI Average Values] [RI Values] the Calculation Agent will select any of such equal [RI Average 
Values] [RI Values] as the highest [RI Average Value] [RI Value] in its discretion; and (ii) where [on a 
ST Valuation Date] [in relation to a ST Valuation Period] (the "[Current ST Valuation Date] [Current 
ST Valuation Period]") a Reference Item has already been the Reference Item with the highest relevant 
value [on any prior ST Valuation Date] [in relation to any prior ST Valuation Period] it will not be taken 
into account and its [RI Average Value] [RI Value] will be ignored for the purposes of determining the 
Periodic Performance [on that Current ST Valuation Date] [for that Current ST Valuation Period]. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item 
with the [first][second][specify] Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI 
Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day [plus][minus][multiplied by][divided by] 
(ii) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation 
Date or if none, the Strike Date (b) less [100%][Strike Percentage] [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(1)] the arithmetic 
average of [(i)][(a)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging 
Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (ii) the FX Value] [divided by (b) 
the RI Initial Value for such Reference Item [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]] [(expressed as a 
percentage)].

--- Page 183 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 183 - 
 
"RI Closing Value [1][2]" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Conditions);  
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);  
(c) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest or Rate, the Reference Item Rate; and 
(d) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread,  
in each case in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Composite Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the [highest or 
equal highest of][lowest or equal lowest of][arithmetic average of] the RI Average Values in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI FX Level" means, for the purpose of converting an amount in respect of a Reference Item into the 
Specified Currency on [specify date(s)] [insert relevant rate and, if applicable, observation time][(or any 
successor to such page or service) or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from 
such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would 
have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate the 
rate at which the Calculation Agent determines the relevant Reference Item amount could be converted 
into the Specified Currency (expressed as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) at or about the 
time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX 
Maximum Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic average of [(a)][(i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging 
Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to 
or][higher than] the RI Closing Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, 
the RI Initial Value, divided by [(ii)] the relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial 
Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial 
Maximum Price] [Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price. 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI 
Intraday Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial 
Value divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value 
for such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the Strike 
Date. 
"RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a [ST Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date] 
[Redemption Valuation Date][ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date], [(l)][(a)] (i) the [RI 
Closing Value] [RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][ST 
FR Valuation Date] [Redemption Valuation Date][ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date]

--- Page 184 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 184 - 
 
[minus the relevant RI Initial Value][, divided by (ii) the relevant RI Initial Value [(expressed as a 
percentage)][multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]]. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the 
Reference Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket 
in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect 
of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date.  
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
4.3 
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, several set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular 
payout. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity Date. 
"Final ST Coupon Valuation Date" means the last ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] Reference Item [(k)] and] [in respect of 
any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms] or, otherwise, the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled 
Trading Days [as defined in the [specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range Period End Date] 
[specify other]. 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business 
Day][an Interest Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Date][specify]. 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [and the final date of each such 
period, the "Range Period End Date"]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Scheduled Trading Day][Business Day][calendar 
day][Observation Date][Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Interest Determination 
Date][Interest 
Payment 
Date][Determination 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out 
Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual 
Day][ST Valuation Date] [and] [Range Period End Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify][the relevant ST Coupon 
Valuation Period Start Date] to and including [specify][the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Period End 
Date][each][the][Interest Period][Range Period]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period End Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period Start Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"ST DB Valuation Date" means [a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business Day][a calendar day][an 
Observation Date][specify]. 
"ST DB Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]][the period from but excluding the Strike Date to and including the Redemption Valuation 
Date]].

--- Page 185 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 185 - 
 
"ST ER Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST ER Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST FR Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Valuation 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out 
Determination 
Day][Coupon 
Valuation 
Date][Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"ST FR Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement 
Price Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date][Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means [each][the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST ER Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day][ST DB Valuation Date][Trigger Condition 
Date]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST ER Valuation Period][ST FR 
Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period][ST DB Valuation Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"Trigger Condition Date" means the first [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] in 
respect of which a Trigger Condition has been satisfied. 
4.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in order to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 4.2, relevant Date(s) and or 
Periods, and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Coupon 
Barrier Value on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Booster Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the 
Booster Value [on each Observation Date in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][in respect of such ST 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Booster Level. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, that the Coupon Barrier 
Value on such ST Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less 
than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1][2][3][4]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Date][a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such [ST Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4] [[but

--- Page 186 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 186 - 
 
is][or is][greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier 
[1][2][3][4]]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 1" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified][; and  
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified][; and 
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value in respect of [such ST Valuation Date][ such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level. 
"Final Redemption Condition 1" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value [on such ST Valuation Dates] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 1. 
"Final Redemption Condition 2" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period] 
that the Final Redemption Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], 
as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 2.] 
"Lock in" will have occurred if "(xxviii) "Rate of interest (xxviii) – Lock in" (A) has been satisfied 
provided that (B) or (C) are not also satisfied". 
"Optional Redemption Condition" means that at any time on any [SER Scheduled Trading Day/NYC 
Business Date/Business Day/day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify cities]] in the period from and including 
[insert] to and including [insert date/the SER Valuation Date] the FX Forward Rate is [equal to or] 
greater than [insert rate], as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
"Podium Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the 
Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item on such ST Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Final 
Redemption Condition Level.

--- Page 187 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 187 - 
 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [, subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied if, in 
respect of each Range Accrual Day [in the[relevant] Range Period [(n)]][from and including [specify] to 
[and including][but excluding] [specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the Coupon Barrier 
Value for each such Reference Item in respect of such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify 
number][and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [specify number] is 
specified) [as specified in the table below]: 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or complete the below table) 
Range Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference Item 
(k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[k=(n)] [specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify][%] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in each 
row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day[for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex or the Conditions.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual 
Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will 
be deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item (k=1), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Coupon Barrier 1 [and 
(ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Coupon 
Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and  
(b) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and including 
[specify] to [and including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]])]] 
is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number] and [(ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert 
number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [insert number] is specified)] [as specified in the table 
below](insert this paragraph (b) if Reference Item(k=n) is specified).

--- Page 188 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 188 - 
 
Range 
Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference 
Item (k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment Date 
Falling in 
[specify]] 
[k=(n)] 
[specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify][%] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
[Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such 
Reference Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-off 
Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed 
to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
"Switch Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of any ST Valuation Date, the Issuer delivers on or 
prior to the [][th/st/rd] Business Day before the ST Valuation Date, or has in respect of a previous ST 
Valuation Date delivered, a notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) specifying 
that it is exercising the Switch Condition in respect of the Notes. 
"Trigger Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of any [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Date] during the [ST DB Valuation Period][ST Coupon Valuation Period], the [Dropback 
Value] on such [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date], as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is [less than][greater than][less than or equal to][greater than or equal to] any Trigger Barrier(i)[, 
provided that if [Dropback Value] in respect of a single [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date] satisfies more than one Trigger Barrier(i), the number of Trigger Conditions deemed satisfied in 
respect of such [ST DB Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] will be equal to the number of 
Trigger Barriers so breached]. 
4.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following 
suffixes in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be 
included in the Applicable Transaction Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout 
Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the 
relevant ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify]] means the relevant Strike Date.

--- Page 189 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 189 - 
 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify]] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify]] means the relevant 
Observation Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and may be tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
[each date specified as such below [set out relevant table]: 
k 
ST Valuation Date 
[Set(s) of] Averaging Dates 
[specify] 
[insert date] 
Set n: [insert dates or describe 
dates. E.g. "The last [specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days of 
[month, 
year]] 
[Repeat 
as 
necessary for each set n] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row.] 
 
5. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions and Settlement Currency Payment are both specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding the Notes are denominated in, and 
calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the "SER Subject Currency"), all payments 
shall be made in the Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the 
Settlement Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency 
were it not for the provisions of this Payout Condition 5. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided 
that, if limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be 
deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 5.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as 
set out herein. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
but Settlement Currency Payment is specified as not applicable then instead of the above procedures the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Exchange Rate to be used in the determination of the 
Final Payout. The Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date may also be deferred in accordance with 
Payout Condition 5.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional 
interest or other amount will be payable in respect of any such delay. 
5.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 5.1 apply where Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement 
Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency, shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption;

--- Page 190 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 190 - 
 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of the SER Disrupted Day, would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or 
Price Materiality.  
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is 
a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency, then such date shall be the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on 
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after 
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken 
into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of 
a SER Subject Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during 
which a SER Valuation Date is deferred due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER 
Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar 
days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a 
SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such 
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date 
and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation 
Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with 
the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 
5.1, then the corresponding date for payment shall fall on the later of (a) the date for such payment 
otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction Terms and (b) the day falling the

--- Page 191 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 191 - 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if 
none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation Date.  
5.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
5.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or vice versa in a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts 
inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the SER Base Currency 
and/or SER Subject Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations 
under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such

--- Page 192 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 192 - 
 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging.  
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the 
parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to 
fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such 
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate 
differs from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, 
then the SER Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including within the Price 
Source if applicable. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or (b) if no such rate is specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 5.1 above, (x) where 
Settlement Currency Payment is applicable, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency or (y) where Settlement Currency Payment is not 
applicable, the SER Base Currency into the Specified Currency, in each case for settlement on the SER 
Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that 
is a SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the SER Price Source) being, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, 
any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference 
Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such SER 
Subject Currency. Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms until the Settlement Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER 
Subject Currency for such SER Valuation Date.  
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for 
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source",

--- Page 193 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 193 - 
 
"SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, 
to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER 
First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, 
for which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price 
Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, 
respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second Fallback Valuation 
Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on 
the immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not 
a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of 
Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation Date, as the case may be. In 
such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER Scheduled 
Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day 
may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so 
specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.  
"SER Price Source" means the price source(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).  
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER 
Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms provided that where 
the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation 
Date falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial banks are open 
(or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in 
New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account of 
the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency.

--- Page 194 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 194 - 
 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was 
not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER 
Subject Currency two SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such 
day is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, 
in the event of a SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 5.1(c) 
above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Payout Condition 5.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the Early 
Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled 
Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate is calculated. 
6. 
FX Factor 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a FX Factor applies to an amount payable under 
the Notes, such amount will include an adjustment by reference to the relevant FX Factor, and all relevant 
amounts will be as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 5 above.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"FX Factor" means the FX Factor Final Level divided by the FX Factor Initial Level or, if so specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the FX Factor Initial Level divided by the FX Factor Final Level. 
"FX Factor Final Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified 
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such 
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Final Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following] 
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Final Averaging 
Date]. 
"FX Factor Final Level" means [the FX Factor Final Reference Level in respect of the [FX Factor Final 
Valuation Date][the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Final Reference Levels on each FX Factor Final 
Averaging Date]] [the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of][[the [relevant] Coupon 
Valuation Date][the Redemption Valuation Date][the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][the 
relevant Observation Date]]. 
"FX Factor Final Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Final Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Final Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][, all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Final 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price].

--- Page 195 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 195 - 
 
"FX Factor Final Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type of 
date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Factor Initial Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified 
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such 
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Initial Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following] 
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Initial Averaging 
Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Level" means [the FX Factor Initial Reference Level in respect of the FX Factor 
Initial Valuation Date][the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Initial Reference Levels on each FX 
Factor Initial Averaging Date][the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of the Strike Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [to such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Initial Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Initial Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][, all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Initial 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Initial Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type 
of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Value Reference Currency" means [specify currency]. 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
8. 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes provisions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
Where the SER Subject Currency is Colombian Pesos ("COP") and UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms then all amounts of interest and principal 
denominated in COP (each a "Relevant COP Amount") will be multiplied by the relevant Inflation 
Adjusted Rate prior to being converted into the Settlement Currency. The Inflation Adjusted Rate for 
each Relevant COP Amount will be determined by reference to any payment date (a "Related Payment 
Date") for payment to Noteholders of the converted Settlement Currency amount determined by 
reference to the adjusted Relevant COP Amount, in each case as provided below. 
(b) 
Definitions

--- Page 196 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 196 - 
 
"Inflation Adjusted Rate" means in respect of a Related Payment Date, the result of (a) the UVR Index 
in respect of such day divided by (b) the Initial UVR Index. 
"Initial UVR Index" means the value specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"IPC" means, with respect to any period, the Colombian Consumer Price Index (Indice de Precios as 
Consumidor) that is published monthly and certified by the National Administrative Department of the 
Statistics (Departmento Administrativo Nacional de Estadistica or "DANE") or by any other authority 
succeeding to its functions and capacities from time to time. 
"UVR Index" means, in respect of a Related Payment Date, Unidad de Valor Real or Unidad de Valor 
Constante, which, as set out in Article 3 of Law 546 of 1999 of Colombia, is the unit of adjustment of 
the COP based on the variation of the IPC and expressed as the amount of COP per unit of UVR Index 
as published and outstanding at the relevant time on the website of the Colombian Central Bank: (Banco 
de la República de Colombia): http://www.banrep.gov.co/es/unidad-valor-real-uvr under the heading 
"Unidad de valor real (UVR)", calculated by the Colombia Central Bank in accordance with Resolución 
Externa No. 13 de 2000. 
If the UVR Index is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by the Colombian Central 
Bank, references to UVR Index will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UVR Index to the extent 
that (a) such unit is determined by the Colombian Central Bank, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial 
transactions and (c) such unit is published on the web site of the Colombian Central Bank or another 
official publication in Colombia in respect of any given date. In the event (i) UVR Index is no longer 
published by or available from the Colombian Central Bank, or (ii) UVR Index for a determination date 
is not available on the applicable determination date, UVR Index will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. In either case the Calculation Agent 
may make any consequential or related adjustments required to the Conditions to reflect the relevant 
replacement or substitution or non-publication or non-availability as it determines appropriate acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner.  
In addition, if any change or modification is made to the UVR Index or the arrangements for its 
calculation or publication which would affect the Notes, then (A) the Calculation Agent may if it 
determines such change or modification is material make such adjustments to the Conditions to account 
for such change or modification as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner and determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment that it could make under (A) will produce a commercially reasonably 
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early 
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the 
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the 
outstanding Notes. The Calculation Agent will give notice of any such adjustment or early redemption 
determination in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
"UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in Colombian Pesos which are adjusted by 
reference to the Inflation Adjusted Rate and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement 
Currency. 
9. 
UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes provisions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
Where the SER Subject Currency is Mexican peso ("MXN") and UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes are 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms then all amounts of interest and principal 
denominated in MXN (each a "Relevant MXN Amount") will be multiplied by the relevant Inflation 
Adjusted Rate prior to being converted into the Settlement Currency. The Inflation Adjusted Rate for 
each Relevant MXN Amount will be determined by reference to any payment date (a "Related Payment 
Date") for payment to Noteholders of the converted Settlement Currency amount determined by 
reference to the adjusted Relevant MXN Amount, in each case as provided below. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Inflation Adjusted Rate" means in respect of a Related Payment Date, the result of (a) the official 
value of the UDI Index effective as of such day divided by (b) the Initial UDI Index.

--- Page 197 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 197 - 
 
"Initial UDI Index" means the value specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"UDI Index" means, in respect of a Related Payment Date, a MXN equivalent unit of account indexed 
to inflation on a daily basis, as measured by the change in the Mexican National Consumer Price Index 
(Indice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor) pursuant to the Decree approved by the Congress of Mexico 
and published in the Official Diary of the Federation (Diario Oficial de la Federación) on April 1, 1995, 
expressed as the number of MXN per one UDI, as published by Banco de México on the website of 
Banco de México: http://www.banxico.org.mx/ (or any successor or replacement website) on or prior to 
the Related Payment Date. 
If the UDI Index is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by Banco de México, 
references to UDI Index will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UDI Index to the extent that 
(a) such unit is determined by Banco de México, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial transactions 
and (c) such unit is published on the website of Banco de México or another official publication in 
Mexico in respect of any given date. In the event (i) UDI Index is no longer published by or available 
from Banco de México, or (ii) UDI Index for a determination date is not available on the applicable 
determination date, UDI Index will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner. In either case the Calculation Agent may make any consequential or 
related adjustments required to the Conditions to reflect the relevant replacement or substitution or non-
publication or non-availability as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
In addition, if any change or modification is made to the UDI Index or the arrangements for its calculation 
or publication which would affect the Notes, then (A) the Calculation Agent may if it determines such 
change or modification is material make such adjustments to the Conditions to account for such change 
or modification as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (B) if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment that it could make under (A) will produce a commercially reasonably result, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If 
the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will give notice of any such adjustment or early redemption determination in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
"UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in MXN which are adjusted by reference to 
the Inflation Adjusted Rate and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement Currency.  
10. 
UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes provisions are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
Where the SER Subject Currency is Chilean peso ("CLP") and UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes are specified 
as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms then all amounts of interest and principal denominated 
in CLP (each a "Relevant CLP Amount") will be multiplied by the relevant Inflation Adjusted Rate 
prior to being converted into the Settlement Currency. The Inflation Adjusted Rate for each Relevant 
CLP Amount will be determined by reference to any payment date (a "Related Payment Date") for 
payment to Noteholders of the converted Settlement Currency amount determined by reference to the 
adjusted Relevant CLP Amount, in each case as provided below. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Inflation Adjusted Rate" means in respect of a Related Payment Date, the result of (a) the official 
value of the UF Index effective as of such day divided by (b) the Initial UF Index. 
"Initial UF Index" means the value specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"UF Index" means, in respect of a Related Payment Date, the CLP/UF rate, expressed as the number of 
CLP per one UF, for settlement on the same day reported by Banco Central de Chile, which appears on 
Bloomberg page CLUFUF Index on such date.  
If the UF Index is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by Banco Central de Chile, 
references to UF Index will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UF Index to the extent that (a) such

--- Page 198 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 198 - 
 
unit is determined by Banco Central de Chile, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial transactions and 
(c) such unit is published on the relevant Bloomberg page or another official publication in Chile in 
respect of any given date. In the event (i) UF Index is no longer published by or available from Banco 
Central de Chile, or (ii)  UF Index for a determination date is not available on the applicable 
determination date, UF Index will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner. In either case the Calculation Agent may make any consequential or 
related adjustments required to the Conditions to reflect the relevant replacement or substitution or non-
publication or non-availability as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
In addition, if any change or modification is made to the UF Index or the arrangements for its calculation 
or publication which would affect the Notes, then (A) the Calculation Agent may if it determines such 
change or modification is material make such adjustments to the Conditions to account for such change 
or modification as it determines appropriate acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (B) if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment that it could make under (A) will produce a commercially reasonably result, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If 
the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will give notice of any such adjustment or early redemption determination in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
"UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in CLP which are adjusted by reference to 
the Inflation Adjusted Rate and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement Currency.

--- Page 199 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 199 - 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the [United Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the [FSMA][the Financial Services and Markets Act (the "FSMA")] and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [                              ] 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.

--- Page 200 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 200 - 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI)5493006QMFDDMYWIAM13 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 21 December 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market value of 
the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to affect amounts 
due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed description of certain of the 
risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages [14 to 53] of the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [has][together with these Final Terms have] been published on the websites of the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the "CNMV") (www.cnmv.es) and 
of the Issuer (www.santander.es).  
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][The Notes have not been and shall 
not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than professional institutional investors 
("Professional Institutional Investors") as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the Republic of China ("ROC"). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional Investor.] 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][Application has [also] been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible for the content of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms 
[and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or 
completeness of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or 
part of the contents of the Base Prospectus, these Final terms [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto. 
Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of the 
Issuer or the Notes.] 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, the 
following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the Banking 
Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to regulation 
or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [describe the nature of the security, 
the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Notice to be inserted if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified

--- Page 201 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 201 - 
 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1  
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" (as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore): 
Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore, where Notes are "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 of 
Singapore (the "ITA"): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) 
is derived from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt 
securities (subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) 
derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA.]2 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date]/ [the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date]/[exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 48 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Inflation Linked Conditions]  
 
 
 
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
 
[Annex 3: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of Payout 
Condition 6 only] 
 
 
 
1 Relevant dealer(s) or distributor(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
2 The prescribed QDS legend to be included in the Final Terms may be updated from time to time pursuant to any amendments to the Income 
Tax Act 1947 of Singapore.

--- Page 202 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 202 - 
 
 
[(i)]  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred]/[Senior Non-Preferred] Notes 
 
[[(ii)]  
Senior Preferred Notes – Events 
of Default: 
Condition 10.1 is [not] applicable] 
[(iii)]  
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[         ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for a particular tranche of 
Notes) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] [Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply or if (i) UVR Inflation-
Adjusted Notes, (ii) UDI Inflation-Adjusted Rate or (iii) 
UF Inflation Adjusted Notes, are specified as applicable: 
(the "SER Subject Currency") for the purpose of the 
Specified Denomination and calculations and [    ] (the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of payments] 
[UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UVR Index: 
[specify]] 
[UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UDI Index: 
[specify]] 
[UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UF Index: 
[specify]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[Series:] 
[         ] 
 
[Tranche:] 
[         ]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] [converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Initial Settlement Exchange Rate, being 
[specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount and "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes – see item 41 below] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[         ] 
 
(Note – the Notes may not be issued in multiple 
denominations. The Notes may only be issued in a single 
Specified Denomination.) 
 
Calculation 
Amount 
[and 
Outstanding Principal Amount 
in respect of Partly Paid Notes]: 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation Amount") 
minus, for the purposes of any calculation by reference 
to the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of the 
Instalment Amounts paid prior to the relevant day [save 
for the purposes of calculation of any [Interest 
Amount][Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional Redemption Amount][payable] on

--- Page 203 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 203 - 
 
[specify]] for which purposes the Original Calculation 
Amount will continue to apply]]. 
 
[Insert in respect of Partly Paid Notes: 
The Calculation Amount in respect of the Notes is [ ]. 
The Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the 
Calculation Amount as of each Part Payment Date 
(subject as provided in the Conditions) is as specified 
below: 
 
Part 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on or about] 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Insert relevant date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS-Linked 
Notes, CMT Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes or 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year][or such later date for redemption determined 
as provided in the [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rates Linked 
Conditions][or, in all circumstances if applicable, such 
later date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 5.] 
 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, Modified Following Business 
Day Convention shall apply) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[Specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[CMS-Linked: [specify reference rate] +/- [         ]%] 
[CMT Linked: [specify reference CMT Rate] +/- 
[         ]%] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see "Provisions Applicable to 
Inflation Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details]

--- Page 204 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 204 - 
 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
"Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes" below for more details]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the FX 
Factor as provided below] 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
items 
20 
and 
[21/22/23/24/25/26] below) 
 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 30 below] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see paragraph "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided below] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and][Automatic 
Early Redemption][and][Redemption] determination 
purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for [Redemption] 
determination purposes]: 
 
[For 
[k]=[specify]][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]

--- Page 205 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 205 - 
 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date when any 
change to the Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis occurs with reference to paragraphs 21 and 22 
below] 
 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Notice 
period: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[specify]] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Put Option] 
 
[Call Option] 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item[s] [27]/[28]/[29] 
below)] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable [and Settlement Currency 
Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 5] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [or, if applicable,] [[specify] SER Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to the [relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)] [scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable 
payment date) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 5: 
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate]

--- Page 206 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 206 - 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]%  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as set 
out in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback Reference 
Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for 
Price Source Disruption and 
Price Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: [[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in which 
to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 207 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 207 - 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[English]/[Spanish] Law 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-in[Level][Price][within the 
Knock-in Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be 
made in respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-in Event has occurred. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-out [Level][Price] [within 
the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify value or percentage]

--- Page 208 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 208 - 
 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount determined in accordance with the Conditions 
(prior to any rounding) will be multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor and the resulting amount then rounded as 
provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [or, if earlier, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] [, adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] [or such later 
date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition [5] of the Payout Conditions]] 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are

--- Page 209 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 209 - 
 
subject to modification, Modified Following Business 
Day Convention should apply) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual
/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360 
or 
Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)][1/1] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes, Actual/365 (Fixed) should apply) 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on [or about]][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not Applicable]]the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent [in 
accordance with the following [formula(e)]][as the sum 
of the following [items [specify] to [specify] (each 
inclusive) below]][Insert letters or numbering here and 
next to each payout if this adds clarity (e.g. (a), (b). . .)]:]   
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Memory Coupon] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter]

--- Page 210 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 210 - 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Fixed Best] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Digital Coupon One Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Digital Coupon Two Conditions] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Ratchet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – Booster] 
[Rate of Interest (xxv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Call Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Put Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxii) – Digital Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Growth and Income] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvi) – Dropback] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Call Swaption] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Put Swaption] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Convexity A] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xl) – Convexity B] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual B] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates 
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to clarify 
which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation Date, 
Observation Date etc. applies in respect of the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] [specify]  
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, 
if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, the following wording is

--- Page 211 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 211 - 
 
appropriate: "Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, and 
multiplying such sum by the actual number of days in the 
accrual period divided by 365 and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest [HK$0.01, HK$0.005/CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005] being rounded upwards".) 
[Specify Fixed Coupon Amount for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal Amount 
from time to time] 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not Applicable] 
[Specify any Broken Amount(s) for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal Amount 
from time to time] 
 
Floating Rate, CMS Linked and CMT 
Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest 
specified in item [20(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest 
(viii) - Range Accrual A", "Rate of Interest (xli) – Range 
Accrual B" or "Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C" 
applies under item 20(vi))] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] (Business Day Convention only needs to be 
specified here if Specified Periods are specified) 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 212 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 212 - 
 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied 
by Rate:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR / Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded 
Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR / HIBOR / CNH 
HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA except where Index Determination applies: 
For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
• 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][T2 Business 
Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second T2 Business Day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the

--- Page 213 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 213 - 
 
relevant Interest Payment Date and "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second T2 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of each 
Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][ EURIBOR 01] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. Brussels time][11.15 a.m. Hong 
Kong time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or 
CNH HIBOR] 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)][specify] 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8.0 dated 10 March 2023. If a later version is to 
be followed, the Conditions should be reviewed carefully 
to ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
(The following prompts 
should be used if the 
2021 Definitions are 
applicable and the last 
four prompts in this 
item 22(x)(a) should be 
deleted) 
 
• 
[Floating Rate 
Option: 
[         ] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
• 
Effective 
Date: 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[] 
• 
Termination 
Date: 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to any 
Business Day Convention applicable thereto]

--- Page 214 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 214 - 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date] (Note: this election is 
relevant for the Fixing Day under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions which is when the rate is determined e.g. for 
USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, the Fixing Day is “two 
publication calendar days preceding the Reset Date”) 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
• 
ISDA 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
• 
[Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish Business 
Days for the purposes of the determination of the ISDA 
Rate to be different from the Business Days defined in the 
Conditions) 
• 
Compounding
/ 
Averaging/ 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as “Average Floating Rate Option”, 
“Compounded Floating Rate Option” or “Compounded 
Index” in the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []] 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 215 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 215 - 
 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
• 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
• 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
• 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-In Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift][As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]]] 
(The 
following 
four 
prompts should be used 
if the 2006 Definitions 
are appliable and the 
preceding 
prompts 
should be deleted) 
 
• 
[Floating Rate 
Option: 
[         ]

--- Page 216 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 216 - 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date] 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates only) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR / Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded 
Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR / HIBOR / CNH 
HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA except where Index Determination applies: 
For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
• 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
• 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][T2 Business 
Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second T2 Business Day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest

--- Page 217 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 217 - 
 
Payment Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second T2 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of each 
Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][EURIBOR 01] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. Brussels time][11.15 a.m. Hong Kong time, 
in the case of a determination of HIBOR or CNH 
HIBOR][specify] 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro][specify] 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates,  CMS linked payout or 
CMT Rate linked payout only) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that the 
Conditions have been reviewed in relation to Version 8.0 
dated 10 March 2023. If a later version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be reviewed carefully to ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
• 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions)) 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[]

--- Page 218 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 218 - 
 
• 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to any 
Business Day Convention applicable thereto] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date]  
(Note: this election is relevant for the Fixing Day under 
the 2021 Definitions which is when the rate is determined 
e.g. for USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, the Fixing Day is 
"two publication calendar days preceding the Reset 
Date") 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
• 
ISDA 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
• 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish Business 
Days for the purposes of the determination of the ISDA 
Rate to be different from the Business Days defined in the 
Conditions) 
• 
Compounding/Averagi
ng/ Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified 
as 
"Average 
Floating 
Rate 
Option", 
"Compounded Floating Rate Option" or "Compounded 
Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout

--- Page 219 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 219 - 
 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []] 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   
]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
• 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-In Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift][As 
specified in the 2021 Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   
]]] 
• 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]

--- Page 220 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 220 - 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date] 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None]]] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Note 
interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable to 
Inflation Linked Notes", below, for more information] 
[Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" below for more information] [Not Applicable] 
[Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% [per annum] 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
the Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[1/1] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer may 
only exercise the Call Option if the Optional Redemption 
Condition is satisfied] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[         ][or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 5][the [insert] Business Day 
following [the day on which notice of the Issuer 
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as 
specified in paragraph 31 below] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where:

--- Page 221 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 221 - 
 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4 and 
6 and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions including, if applicable, Optional 
Redemption Condition] 
 
(NB: In the case of Call Option Rate Notes, the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call) must be Interest Payment 
Dates (other than the first and final Interest Payment 
Dates)) 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included for 
Call Option Rate Notes – may not be less than five 
Business Days.) 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[         ][or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 5] (NB: In the case of Put Option 
Rate Notes, the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put) must 
be Interest Payment Dates (other than the first and final 
Interest Payment Dates)) 
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other than a 
specified amount per Calculation Amount, the Notes will 
need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") (NB: to be included for 
Put Option Rate Notes – may not be less than ten 
Business Days)  
 
Clean-Up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 222 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 222 - 
 
 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [    ] per cent.] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Clean-Up Call): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[                  ]  
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Inflation Linked Note 
redemption provisions below/See Reference Item Rate 
Linked Note redemption provisions below/See Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked redemption provisions 
below] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from Payout 
Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to [specify] 
(each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or numbering 
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (e.g. (a), 
(b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
[Redemption (v)] 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Booster] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Podium] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Himalaya] 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Memory]

--- Page 223 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 223 - 
 
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Lock in] 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Switchable] 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Alternate Currency] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic 
Early Redemption]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event – 
Applicable 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level] 
 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4.1 and 4.2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) from 
Payout Condition 3) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[[specify] [%][of RI Initial Value]][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER 
Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage]: 
[specify] [%][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 5] 
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 224 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 224 - 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period]][Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes of 
Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging Dates are 
[specify].] [See paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five)] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(specify 
the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] [Partly 
Paid Early Redemption Amount] [Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
[Early Redemption Amount 
(TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event) 
per Calculation Amount payable upon 
the occurrence of a TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event:] 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(specify 
the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] [Partly 
Paid Early Redemption Amount] [Amortised Face 
Amount] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
[Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount][Amortised 
Face Amount]

--- Page 225 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 225 - 
 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable following an 
early redemption in all other cases 
pursuant to the Conditions:  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs][Not Applicable][Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[Partly Paid Early Redemption Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued interest 
will not always be known on an early redemption: for 
example when using SONIA, SOFR or €STR or for other 
Notes where interest is determined only shortly before an 
Interest Payment Date.) 
 
Inflation Linked Note redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 226 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 226 - 
 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
(If more than one Inflation Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (vi) for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or 
Digital Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish 
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate 
B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
Inflation Index: 
[         ] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Inflation Index level and insert "in respect 
of [specify date]" following each Inflation Index level) 
 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
 
Related Bond: 
[Insert name and ISIN or other security identification 
code of Related Bond][Not Applicable][Fallback Bond] 
[Delete as applicable] 
 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Inflation 
Index 
Level 
Adjustment: 
(Annex 1, Section 1, paragraph 6 
of Terms and Conditions) 
[See details in Section 3 of Annex 1 to Terms and 
Conditions][Option (i) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 1 of Annex 1 to the Terms and Conditions] 
[Option (ii) as specified in paragraph 6 of Section 1 of 
Annex 1 to the Terms and Conditions][Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Delete as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
20(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual A", "Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual B" or 
"Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C" applies under 
item 20(vi)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency]

--- Page 227 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 227 - 
 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]][see paragraph [   ] above] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 228 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 228 - 
 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]% 
 
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more

--- Page 229 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 229 - 
 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
EM 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of [determining 
the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 20(vi)] (insert where 
"Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A", "Rate of Interest 
(xli) – Range Accrual B" or "Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range 
Accrual C" applies under item 20(vi))], [and][the Automatic 
Early Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the 
purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate on the basis 
of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Item Rate [specify] 
is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such 
Reference Item Rate) 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference 
Item 
Rate: 
[specify]

--- Page 230 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 230 - 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g.: first day of each Interest Period if Hong Kong dollar 
HIBOR, the second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR and the second Hong 
Kong business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
CNH HIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is being used other 
than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure that this is not specified 
in respect of an Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual 
Day may be specified where relevant for Range Accrual 
Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
(for example 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR or 11:15 a.m., Hong Kong time, in 
the case of a determination of HIBOR or CNH HIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[specify][For example, eurozone (where eurozone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that the 
Conditions have been reviewed in relation to Version 8.0 dated 
10 March 2023. If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions 
should 
be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
(The following prompts (b) 
to (o) should be used if the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
applicable and prompts (p) 
to (s) should be deleted) 
 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
(c) 
Effective Date 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[] 
(d) 
Termination Date 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to any 
Business Day Convention applicable thereto]

--- Page 231 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 231 - 
 
(e) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(In the case of a HIBOR or CNH HIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(g) 
Alternative Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
(h) 
ISDA Day Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
(i) 
Business 
Day 
(for the purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish Business Days 
for the purposes of the determination of the ISDA Rate to be 
different from the Business Days defined in the Conditions) 
(j) 
Compounding/ 
Averaging/ 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as "Average Floating Rate Option", "Compounded 
Floating Rate Option" or "Compounded Index" in the 
Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(k) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: []] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []] 
(l) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]

--- Page 232 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 232 - 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   ]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
(m) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
(n) 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt immediately 
below) 
(o) 
Index Method: 
[Standard 
Index 
Method/All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift][As specified in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   ]]]] 
(The following prompts (p) 
to (s) should be used if the 
2006 
Definitions 
are 
applicable and prompts (b) 
to (o) should be deleted) 
 
(p) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[         ] 
(q) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
(r) 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout specify 
if applicable in relation to each relevant valuation or 
determination date] 
(s) 
Alternative Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate 
[1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [    ][above][below]

--- Page 233 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 233 - 
 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, the 
Reference Spread shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period)] 
 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not 
Applicable]  
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify] 
[A T2 Settlement Day][ [a "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day", being any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT DISRUPTION 
 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTLY PAID NOTES 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Partly Paid Notes must be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes which are which are not Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Part Payment Amounts 
and Part Payment Dates: 
Part Payment Amount 
Part Payment Date 
 
[specify] 
[Issue Date] 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
Notice period for notice to 
be given by the Issuer in 
respect 
of 
each 
Part 
Payment Date: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Notice period for notice to 
be given by the Issuer in 
respect 
of 
any 
early 
redemption of the Notes 
following non-payment of 
any Part Payment Amount: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Part 
Payment 
Early 
Redemption Date (if any): 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] [following the relevant Part 
Payment Date]

--- Page 234 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 234 - 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Temporary 
Global Note] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
 
[Registered Notes: Global Note Certificate registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] [[Delete as applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Business Centre] 
 
Additional Financial Centre for 
Condition 7(h): 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Financial Centre] (Note 
that this item relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
Business Days) 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes][No] (Note that Partly Paid Notes may not be issued in 
New Global Note form) 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Bearer Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount 
of 
each 
instalment 
("Instalment Amount"), date on 
which each payment is to be made 
("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] ["Instalment Amount" means [insert 
amount] per Calculation Amount and "Instalment Date(s)" 
means [each of] [specify]. [For the avoidance of doubt, if any 
Instalment Date falls on or about the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes in full, the Instalment Amount will 
remain payable on the relevant Instalment Date.]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 15 (Further 
Issues)] apply] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Banco Santander, S.A.] 
 
Waiver of Set-off: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify relevant 
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Banco Santander , S.A.] 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 235 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 235 - 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and declares that the 
information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. [(specify relevant third party information)] has been extracted 
from [(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 236 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 236 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 237 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 237 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING 
 
Listing: 
[The Spanish fixed income securities market, AIAF 
Mercado de Renta Fija ("AIAF") operated by Bolsas 
y Mercados Españoles Renta Fija, S.A.U.]/[Specify 
other relevant market for listing] 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
AIAF with effect from [             ]] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on AIAF with effect from [             ]] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: Application has also been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible 
for the content of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus 
[and 
the 
amendment[s] 
and/or 
supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made 
by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these 
Final Terms [and], the Base Prospectus [and the 
amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx 
expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses 
arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or 
part of the contents of these Final Terms [and] the 
Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. Admission to listing and 
trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to whether the Notes will 
be, or will remain, listed on TPEx. If the Notes fail to 
or cease to be listed on TPEx, certain investors may 
not invest in, or continue to hold or invest in, the 
Notes] 
 
[Specify other relevant market for admission to 
trading] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
[(iii) 
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
AIAF regulated market, with a minimum subscription 
amount of [€100,000]/[specify minimum subscription 
amount, which must be greater than €100,000], 
applicable on issuance and in respect of secondary 
market sales] 
[(iv)]  
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
RATINGS

--- Page 238 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 238 - 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated[: 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is a third country rating agency that is 
endorsed by an [EU registered] [European Union] 
registered] agency and [has/has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) but is certified in accordance with such 
regulation.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) ("CRA Regulation") unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted 
an 
application 
for 
registration 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
A rating is not a recommendation by any rating 
organisation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.] 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER

--- Page 239 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 239 - 
 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement) 
 
Save for any fee paid to [insert name of dealer or distributor] (if applicable, such fee shall be 
as set out in paragraph 4 below) [and/or any fee or other inducement paid to the distributor (if 
any)], so far as the Issuer is aware no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. [For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of the fee 
or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the investor should contact the distributor.] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
Dealer commission [Specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[] 
[] (Specify if reasons for offer are different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield] 
 
[Floating Rate Notes Only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]] 
 
[[CMS][CMT] Linked Notes Only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [swap rates][the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities] can be obtained, [but not] 
free of charge, from [Reuters/other electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
 
[Inflation Linked Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes – PERFORMANCE OF 
FORMULA/CURRENCY, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ITEM 
[Disclosure here must comply with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Annex 17, item 
2.2.2 and provide an indication of where information on past and future performance and volatility of 
the formula/other variable can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained 
free of charge. [Where the underlying is an Inflation Index or other index, need to include the name of 
the index and insert a link or give other indication as to where further information about the Inflation 
Index or other index can be found and note additional requirements and related regulatory position if 
the index is not provided by an EU Benchmarks Regulation approved administrator.]

--- Page 240 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 240 - 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated for each Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not Applicable" for a Sovereign 
Reference entity and Securities Code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be "Not Applicable" if there is no 
Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity’s 
securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and 
SME Growth Markets, each as described in Regulation EU No 2019/980, Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(ii). 
Where such requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or drawdown prospectus must be prepared 
that includes the required information to be addressed under Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i).) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available, [but not] free of charge from [insert 
electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
[An example of how the value of the investment is affected by value of the underlying may be included.] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Insert any required index disclaimers] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the

--- Page 241 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 241 - 
 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this 
text for registered notes held under the NSS]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "yes" 
selected in which case the bearer Global Notes must 
be issued in NGN form/the registered Global Note 
Certificates must be held under the NSS] 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments/quotas 
(material features): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][give names] 
 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of relevant dealer: 
[          ] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION

--- Page 242 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 242 - 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one, 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) of 
the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.] [repeat as necessary]]  
 
[ROC TAXATION] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: The following is a general description of 
the principal of the Republic of China ("ROC") tax 
consequences for investors receiving interest in 
respect of, or disposing of, the Notes and is of a 
general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of 
current law and practice. It does not purport to be 
comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. 
This general description is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date hereof and that the Notes will be 
issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, 
to professional institutional investors as defined under 
Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC only. This description is 
subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. 
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of 
changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be 
otherwise than as stated below. Investors should 
consult their professional advisers on the possible tax 
consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding 
or selling the Notes.] 
 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, 
there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest [or 
deemed interest] to be paid on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest [or 
deemed interest]3 receivable under the Notes as part of 
their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate 
of 20 per cent (unless the total taxable income for a 
fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject 
to income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual 
basis. The alternative minimum tax ("AMT") is not 
applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial 
bonds is subject to a 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
 
3  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 243 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 243 - 
 
tax ("STT") on the transaction price. However, Article 
2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of 
corporate bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 
2010 to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the 
Notes will be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted 
on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 
January 2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to 
STT at 0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless 
otherwise provided by the tax laws that may be in 
force at that time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are 
exempt from income tax. Accordingly, ROC corporate 
holders are not subject to income tax on any capital 
gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
ROC corporate holders should include the capital 
gains in calculating their basic income for the purpose 
of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT 
exceeds the ordinary income tax calculated pursuant 
to the Income Basic Tax Act of the ROC (also known 
as the AMT Act), the excess becomes the ROC 
corporate holders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if 
any, incurred by such holders may be carried over 5 
years to offset against capital gains of the same 
category of income for the purposes of calculating 
their AMT. 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
[ROC SETTLEMENT AND TRADING] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: An investor with a securities book-entry 
account with a ROC securities broker and a foreign 
currency deposit account with a ROC bank may 
request the approval of the Taiwan Depositary & 
Clearing Corporation ("TDCC") to the settlement of 
the Notes through the account of TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and if such 
approval is granted by the TDCC, the Notes may be so 
cleared and settled. In such circumstances, TDCC will 
allocate the respective Notes position to the securities 
book-entry account designated by such investor in the 
ROC. The Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to 
the applicable rules and operating procedures of 
TDCC and the TPEx as domestic bonds.   
In addition, an investor may apply to TDCC (by filing 
in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its own 
account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for trading in the domestic market or vice 
versa for trading in overseas markets. 
For such investors who hold their interests in the Notes 
through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions 
of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such 
holders may be made by payment services banks 
whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign

--- Page 244 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
- 244 - 
 
currency deposit accounts of the holders. Such 
payment is expected to be made on the second ROC 
business day following TDCC's receipt of such 
payment (due to time difference, the payment is 
expected to be received by TDCC one ROC business 
day after the distribution date). However, when the 
holders will actually receive such distributions may 
vary depending upon the daily operations of the ROC 
banks with which the holder has the foreign currency 
deposit account.] 
 
 
SPECIFIC BUY-BACK PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph 14) 
[The value of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall 
reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of but will 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time. 
In the event that the Issuer accepts a request to buy-
back the Notes, the price at which the Issuer will buy-
back the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be 
determined taking into consideration but will not 
necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions.] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than] [[5/[]] Business Days] 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information relating to: 
(i) 
the calculation of the interest basis in respect 
of the Notes (unbundling), in particular, 
information relating to the Extra-Yield (being 
the additional remuneration paid in respect of 
the Notes compared to other debt instruments 
with equivalent payments but to which the 
Specific Buy-Back Provisions do not apply); 
and  
(ii) 
the Underlying Transactions, if any, and any 
changes thereto,  
shall be published on [[]] [[]] [specify alternative 
method of publication]. 
• 
Issuer contact details for notices: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
[specify address] 
[specify e-mail]]

--- Page 245 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 245 - 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of 
the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the [United Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the [FSMA][Financial Services and Markets Act (the "FSMA")] and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
Pricing Supplement dated [                        ] 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493006QMFDDMYWIAM13 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. 
[[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][The Notes have not been and shall 
not be, offered or sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than professional institutional investors 
("Professional Institutional Investors") as defined under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer

--- Page 246 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 246 - 
Protection Act of the Republic of China ("ROC"). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the notes except by transfer to a Professional Institutional Investor.]  
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are admitted to listing on the Taipei Exchange.][Application has [also] been made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). TPEx is not responsible for the content of the Base Prospectus, this Pricing 
Supplement [and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made by TPEx to the 
accuracy or completeness of these the Base Prospectus, this Pricing Supplement [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of 
the reliance on, all or part of the contents of the Base Prospectus, this Pricing Supplement [and the amendment[s] 
and/or supplement[s] thereto. Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes.] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This Pricing Supplement must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market 
value of the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to 
affect amounts due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed 
description of certain of the risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 14 to 53 of the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
[website] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus].1 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, the 
following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the Banking 
Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to regulation 
or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [describe the nature of the security, 
the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Notice to be inserted if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2  
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" (as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore): 
Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore, where Notes are "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 of 
Singapore (the "ITA"): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) 
is derived from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
 
1  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date. 
4  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 247 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 247 - 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt 
securities (subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) 
derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA.]3 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date]/[the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 50 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Inflation Linked Conditions]  
 
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
 
[Annex 3: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of 
Payout Condition 5 only] 
 
[(i)]  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred]/ [Senior Non-Preferred] Notes 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for a particular tranche of 
Notes) 
[[(ii)]  
Senior Preferred Notes – Events of 
Default: 
Condition 10.1 is [not] applicable] 
[[(iii)]  Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[       ]] 
 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ][Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply or if (i) UVR 
Inflation-Adjusted Notes, (ii) UDI Inflation-Adjusted 
 
4  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 248 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 248 - 
Rate or (iii) UF Inflation Adjusted Notes, are 
specified as applicable: (the "SER Subject 
Currency") for the purpose of the Specified 
Denomination and calculations and [     ] (the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of 
payments] 
[UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UVR Index: 
[specify]] 
[UDI Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UDI Index: 
[specify]] 
[UF Inflation-Adjusted Notes: 
Applicable 
Initial UF Index: 
[specify]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
Series: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)][converted into 
the Settlement Currency at the Initial Settlement 
Exchange Rate, being [specify amount] in respect of 
the Aggregate Principal Amount and "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes – see item 43 below] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[         ] 
(Note – the Notes may not be issued in multiple 
denominations. The Notes may only be issued in a 
single Specified Denomination.) 
 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any calculation 
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, 
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the 
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of 
any 
[Interest 
Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early Redemption Amount][Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount][Optional Redemption 
Amount] [payable] on [specify]] for which purposes 
the Original Calculation Amount will continue to 
apply]]. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
Trade Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 249 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 249 - 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS-
Linked Notes, CMT Linked Notes, Inflation Linked 
Notes,  Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes or 
Other Reference Item Linked Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year][or such later date for redemption determined as 
provided in the [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions][or, in all circumstances if applicable, 
such later date for payment determined as provided in 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Payout Condition [6]] 
 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention shall apply) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[CMS-Linked: [specify reference rate] +/- [         ]%] 
[CMT Linked: [specify reference CMT Rate] +/- 
[         ]%] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see Provisions Applicable to 
Inflation Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes 
below for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Other Reference Item Linked Interest Amount: 
please see Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note 
Provisions below for more details]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the 
FX Factor as provided below] 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
(further particulars specified in items 20 and 
[21/22/23/24/25/26] below) 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 32 below]

--- Page 250 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 250 - 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[Inflation Linked: please see paragraph Provisions 
Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes below for more 
details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes 
below for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided 
below] 
 
[Other Reference Item Linked: please see details set 
out at Final Redemption Amount of each Note below 
for more details.] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and] 
[Automatic Early Redemption][and][Redemption] 
determination purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k] = 1][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for 
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
 
[For [k] = [specify]][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date when 
any 
change 
to 
the 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis occurs with reference to 
paragraphs 21 and 22 below] 
 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
applicable: 
Notice 
period: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[specify]]

--- Page 251 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 251 - 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 
[Call Option] 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
item[s] 
[29]/[30]/[31] below)] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable 
[and 
Settlement 
Currency Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition [5]] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [or, if applicable,] [[specify] SER Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to the [relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)] [scheduled] [specify each 
payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
 
Provisions applicable to determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition [5]: 
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]%

--- Page 252 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 252 - 
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][SER 
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and 
Price 
Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER 
First 
Fallback 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][SER Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in 
which to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change 
in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of 
Hedging] 
 
Governing Law: 
[English]/[Spanish] Law 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the 
Knock-in 
[Level][Price][within the Knock-in Range] (Only 
applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a

--- Page 253 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 253 - 
Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value 
is [(i)] [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Knock-out 
[Level][Price] [within the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect 
of the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]]

--- Page 254 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 254 - 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions (prior to any rounding) will be multiplied 
by the relevant FX Factor and the resulting amount 
then rounded as provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [or, if earlier, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date] [, adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day]][not adjusted][or such 
later date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition [5] of the Payout Conditions]] 
 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention should apply) 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the 
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 255 - 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)][1/1][specify 
other][Not Applicable] (NB: For Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Actual/365 (Fixed) 
should apply) 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][falling [on[or about]][during 
the period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not Applicable]]the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
[in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following 
[formula(s)]][as the sum of the following [items 
[specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) below]][Insert 
letters or numbering here and next to each payout if 
this adds clarity (e.g. (a), (b). . .)]:]    
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as 
necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Memory Coupon] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Variable Counter] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Fixed Best] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Digital Coupon One 
Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions]

--- Page 256 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 256 - 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Ratchet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – Booster] 
[Rate of Interest (xxv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) ‒ Call Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) ‒ Put Option Interest Rate] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Himalaya] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Switchable] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Digital Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Alternate Currency] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Growth and Income] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Dropback] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Call Swaption] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Put Swaption] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Convexity A] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xl) – Convexity B] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual B] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates 
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to 
clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, 
Valuation Date, Observation Date etc. applies in 
respect of the corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] [specify]  
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (ii) of this paragraph for each such rate 
and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and 
the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other/(sp
ecify)] in arrear] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
(NB: For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, the following wording is 
appropriate: "Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, and 
multiplying such sum by the actual number of days in 
the accrual period divided by 365 and rounding the 
resultant 
figure 
to 
the 
nearest 
[HK$0.01,

--- Page 257 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 257 - 
HK$0.005/CNY0.01, CNY0.005] being rounded 
upwards.") 
[Specify Fixed Coupon Amount for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal 
Amount from time to time] 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify any Broken Amount(s) for Partly Paid Notes, 
taking into account the Outstanding Principal 
Amount from time to time] 
 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable][give details] 
 
Floating Rate, CMS Linked and CMT 
Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest 
specified in item [20(vi)]] (insert where "Rate of 
Interest (viii) – Range Accrual A", "Rate of Interest 
(xli) – Range Accrual B" or "Rate of Interest (xlii) – 
Range Accrual C" applies under item 20(vi)) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and 
the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] [Business Day Convention only 
needs to be specified here if Specified Periods are 
specified] 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[specify] (Calculation Agent)

--- Page 258 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 258 - 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied by 
Rate:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR / HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the 
case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determination applies: For this purpose 
Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
• 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][T2 Business 
Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second T2 Business Day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and "Relevant Number" means 
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date]

--- Page 259 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 259 - 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and "Relevant 
Number" means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second T2 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of 
each Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if CNH HIBOR] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][ EURIBOR 01] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. Brussels time][11:15 a.m. Hong 
Kong time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR 
or CNH HIBOR] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Eurozone (where eurozone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is 
the euro)][specify] 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 8.0 dated 10 March 2023. If a 
later version is to be followed, the Conditions should 
be reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
[The 
following 
prompts 
should be used if the 2021 
Definitions are applicable 
and the last four prompts in 
this item 22(x)(a) should be 
deleted] 
 
• 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[         ] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[]

--- Page 260 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 260 - 
• 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to 
any Business Day Convention applicable thereto] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked 
payout specify if applicable in relation to each 
relevant valuation or determination date] (Note: this 
election is relevant for the Fixing Day under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions which is when the rate is 
determined e.g. for USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, the 
Fixing Day is "two publication calendar days 
preceding the Reset Date") 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
• 
ISDA Day Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
• 
[Business 
Day 
(for the purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish 
Business Days for the purposes of the determination 
of the ISDA Rate to be different from the Business 
Days defined in the Conditions) 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging/ Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as "Average Floating Rate Option", 
"Compounded Floating Rate Option" or 
"Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []]

--- Page 261 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 261 - 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
• 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-In Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift][As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]]] 
[The 
following 
four 
prompts should be used if 
the 2006 Definitions are 
applicable 
and 
the 
preceding prompts should 
be deleted] 
 
• 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[         ]

--- Page 262 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 262 - 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked 
payout specify if applicable in relation to each 
relevant valuation or determination date] 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in Rates 
only (unless additional terms apply)) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR / HIBOR / CNH HIBOR][specify] [Insert in the 
case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determination applies: For this purpose 
Relevant Screen Page means [specify]] 
• 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][T2 Business 
Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second T2 Business Day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest

--- Page 263 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 263 - 
Payment Date and "Relevant Number" means 
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and "Relevant 
Number" means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second T2 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Hong Kong dollar HIBOR: First day of 
each Interest Period] 
[Insert for CNH HIBOR: the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if CNH HIBOR] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[EURIBOR 01][specify] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. Brussels time][11:15 a.m. Hong Kong 
time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or CNH 
HIBOR][specify] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Eurozone (where eurozone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is 
the euro][specify] 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in Rates, 
CMS linked payout or CMT Rate 
linked payout only (unless additional 
terms apply)) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8.0 dated 10 March 2023. If a later version 
is to be followed, the Conditions should be reviewed 
carefully to ensure compatibility with the relevant 
ISDA Rate before use) 
• 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions))

--- Page 264 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 264 - 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[] 
• 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to 
any Business Day Convention applicable thereto] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked 
payout specify if applicable in relation to each 
relevant valuation or determination date]  
(Note: this election is relevant for the Fixing Day 
under the 2021 Definitions which is when the rate is 
determined e.g. for USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, the 
Fixing Day is "two publication calendar days 
preceding the Reset Date") 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
• 
ISDA Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
• 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish 
Business Days for the purposes of the determination 
of the ISDA Rate to be different from the Business 
Days defined in the Conditions) 
• 
Compounding/Averaging/ 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as "Average Floating Rate Option", 
"Compounded 
Floating 
Rate 
Option" 
or 
"Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []]

--- Page 265 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 265 - 
• 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
• 
Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
• 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-In Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift][As 
specified in the 2021 Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[  ]]] 
• 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked 
payout specify if applicable in relation to each 
relevant valuation or determination date] 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None]]] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%][Not Applicable] 
 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
[         ]

--- Page 266 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 266 - 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, CMS-Linked Notes or CMT 
Linked Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
 
Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Other Reference Item: 
[         ] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[         ] 
 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[         ] 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify 
other 
Business 
Day 
convention][Delete as applicable] 
 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% [per annum] 
 
Maximum Rate Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% [per annum] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[         ] 
 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 267 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 267 - 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[         ] 
 
Entity, responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[         ] 
 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
 
Inflation Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to “Provisions Applicable 
to Inflation Linked Notes”, below, for more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections “Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes” 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section “Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes” 
below, for more information][Not Applicable][Delete 
as applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% [per annum] 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining the amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to the 
Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
[1/1] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer may 
only exercise the Call Option if the Original 
Redemption Condition is satisfied] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 268 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 268 - 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[         ] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Payout Condition 5] [the [insert] Business 
Day following [the day on which notice of the Issuer 
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders]] 
(NB: In the case of Call Option Rate Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) must be Interest 
Payment Dates (other than the first and final Interest 
Payment Dates)) 
 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as 
specified in paragraph 33 below] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4 
and 6 and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions, including, if applicable Optional 
Redemption Condition] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Notice period: 
[         ] [[] Business Days (the “Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period”) (NB: to be included for 
Call Option Rate Notes ‒ may not be less than ten 
Business Days) 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[         ] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Payout Condition 5] (NB: In the case of Put 
Option Rate Notes, the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put) must be Interest Payment Dates (other than the 
first and final Interest Payment Dates)) 
 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
of each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where:

--- Page 269 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 269 - 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[         ] [[] Business Days (the “Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period”) (NB: to be included for 
Put Option Rate Notes ‒ may not be less than ten 
Business Days) 
 
(The Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing system business days’ notice 
for a call and 15 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent/Registrar) 
 
Clean-Up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-Up Call): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[             ] 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Inflation Linked 
Note redemption provisions below/See Reference 
Item Rate Linked Note redemption provisions 
below/See Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
redemption provisions below] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout

--- Page 270 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 270 - 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions] 
[In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is an Other Reference Item Linked 
Redemption Note: 
(If not applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
Formula/Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Date 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
[Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Other 
relevant 
provisions 
or 
conditions: 
[Insert as applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from 
Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 4) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to [specify] 
(each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or numbering 
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (e.g. 
(a), (b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
[Redemption (v)] 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Booster] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Podium] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Himalaya]

--- Page 271 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 271 - 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Memory] 
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Lock in] 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Switchable] 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Alternate Currency] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic 
Early Redemption]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event – 
Applicable] 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level 
 
AER Value:  
[Insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4.1 and 
4.2][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) 
from Payout Condition 3) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Price: 
[[specify] [%[of RI Initial Value]]][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Percentage][Target Coupon 
Percentage]: 
[specify]%][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5] 
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions]

--- Page 272 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 272 - 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period][Not Applicable]. 
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes 
of Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [    ] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five)] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[      ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount (specify 
the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
[Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification 
Event) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount payable upon the occurrence of a 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event:] 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount (specify the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] [Partly 
Paid Early Redemption Amount] [Amortised Face 
Amount] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of

--- Page 273 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 273 - 
required or if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
following 
an 
early 
redemption: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs/specify amount or method of 
calculation][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued 
interest will not always be known on an early 
redemption: for example when using SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR or for other Notes where interest is 
determined only shortly before an Interest Payment 
Date.) 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
“Provisions Applicable to Inflation Linked Notes” 
below for more information][Not Applicable][Delete 
as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections “Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes” 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section “Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes” 
below, for more information][Not Applicable][Delete 
as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 274 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 274 - 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
(If more than one Inflation Interest Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (vi) for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or 
Digital Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish 
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate 
B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
Inflation Index: 
[         ][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Inflation Index level and insert “in respect 
of [specify date]” following each Inflation Index level) 
 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
 
Related Bond: 
[Insert name and ISIN or other security identification 
code of Related Bond][Not Applicable][Fallback 
Bond][Delete as applicable] 
 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Alternative Delay of Publication 
Formula:  
[Insert formula][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
(Annex 1, Section 1, Paragraph 6 
of Terms and Conditions) 
[See details in Section 3 of Annex 1 to the Terms and 
Conditions][Option (i) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 
1 
of 
Annex 
1 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions][Option (ii) as specified in paragraph 6 of 
Section 
1 
of 
Annex 
1 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions][Delete as applicable] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Delete as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the “Rate of Interest” specified in item 
20(vi)] (insert where “Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual A”, “Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual B” 
or “Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C” applies 
under item 20(vi)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]]

--- Page 275 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 275 - 
 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency] 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change 
in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging]  
 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph [   ] 
above] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency)

--- Page 276 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 276 - 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
EM 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where:

--- Page 277 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 277 - 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
Second 
Fallback 
EM 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [for the purposes of 
[determining the “Rate of Interest” specified in item 
20(vi)] (insert where “Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual A”, “Rate of Interest (xli) – Range Accrual B” 
or “Rate of Interest (xlii) – Range Accrual C” applies 
under item 20(vi))], [and][the Automatic Early 
Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply 
for the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate 
on the basis of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
“Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:” and

--- Page 278 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 278 - 
repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such Reference 
Item Rate) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g.: first day of each Interest Period if Hong Kong 
dollar HIBOR, the second day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, and the 
second Hong Kong business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR. Where the Rate of 
Interest is being used other than for a Floating Rate 
Note, ensure that this is not specified in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day 
may be specified where relevant for Range Accrual 
Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
for example 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, or 11:15 am, Hong Kong 
time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or CNH 
HIBOR 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify][For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprising the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions]/[2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8.0 dated 10 March 2023. If a later version is 
to be followed, the Conditions should be reviewed 
carefully to ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
(The following prompts (b) to (o) 
should be used if the 2021 
Definitions are applicable and 
prompts (p) to (s) should be 
deleted)

--- Page 279 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 279 - 
(b) 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
(c) 
Effective Date: 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes]/[] 
(d) 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date of the Notes]/[][without regard to any 
Business Day Convention applicable thereto] 
(e) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] [in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date] (Note: this election is 
relevant for the Fixing Day under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions which is when the rate is determined e.g. for 
USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, the Fixing Day is “two 
publication calendar days preceding the Reset Date”) 
(In the case of a HIBOR or CNH HIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
(g) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
(h) 
ISDA 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
(i) 
Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[          ]] (Specify financial centre(s) if you wish 
Business Days for the purposes of the determination of 
the ISDA Rate to be different from the Business Days 
defined in the Conditions) 
(j) 
Compounding/ 
Averaging/ Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as “Average Floating Rate Option”, 
“Compounded Floating Rate Option” or 
“Compounded Index” in the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(k) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]

--- Page 280 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 280 - 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []] 
(l) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]  
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lockout: [     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [     ] ] 
(m) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] 
[[    ]%] 
(n) 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
(o) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-In Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/ Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift][As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[   ]]]] 
(The following prompts ((p) to (s) 
should be used if the 2006 
Definitions are applicable and

--- Page 281 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 281 - 
prompts (b) to (o) should be 
deleted) 
(p) 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(q) 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
(r) 
Reset Date: 
[         ][in the case of CMS or CMT Rate linked payout 
specify if applicable in relation to each relevant 
valuation or determination date] 
(s) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None]] 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate 
[1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [     ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, 
the Reference Spread shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period.)] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not 
applicable]  
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [specify] [A T2 Settlement 
Day][[a "U.S. Government Securities Business Day", 
being any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for the purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT DISRUPTION 
 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTLY PAID NOTES 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Conditions will need to be amended if the Partly Paid 
Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes 
which are which are not Reference Item Linked Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Part Payment Amounts and Part 
Payment Dates: 
Part Payment Amount

--- Page 282 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 282 - 
 
[specify] 
 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
Notice period for notice to be 
given by the Issuer in respect of 
each Part Payment Date: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Notice period for notice to be 
given by the Issuer in respect of 
any early redemption of the Notes 
following non-payment of any 
Part Payment Amount: 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] notice 
 
Part Payment Early Redemption 
Date (if any): 
[specify] [5] [Business Days'] following the relevant 
Part Payment Date 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Temporary Global Note]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Registered Notes: Global Note Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS))]] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Business Centres]  
 
Additional Financial Centre for Condition 
7(h) and other special provisions relating to 
Relevant Business Days: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Financial Centre] 
[Specify any additional provisions relating to Relevant 
Business Days]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not Business Days) 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes] [No] (Note that Partly Paid Notes may not be 
issued in New Global Note form) 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Bearer Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment ("Instalment 
[Not Applicable] [("Instalment Amount" means 
[insert 
amount] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
and

--- Page 283 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 283 - 
Amount"), date on which each payment is 
to be made ("Instalment Date"): 
"Instalment Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For 
the avoidance of doubt, if any Instalment Date falls on 
or about the due date for the redemption of the Notes in 
full, the Instalment Amount will remain payable on the 
relevant Instalment Date.]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable][The provisions [in Condition 15 
(Further Issues)] apply] 
 
Waiver of Set-off: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Banco Santander, S.A.] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [(specify relevant third 
party information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[(specify source)], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 284 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 284 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING  
 
Listing: 
[Insert Listing/None] 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [specify market – note this must 
not be a regulated market e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange, 
Vienna MTF, etc] with effect from [                   ]] 
[Not Applicable.] [Delete as applicable] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: Application has [also] been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
listing and trading on the Taipei Exchange in the 
Republic of China ("TPEx"). Taipei Exchange 
("TPEx") is not responsible for the content of this 
Pricing Supplement, the Base Prospectus [and the 
amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto] and no 
representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or 
completeness of these Pricing Supplement [and], the 
Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] and/or 
supplement[s] thereto]. TPEx expressly disclaims any 
and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a 
result of the reliance on, all or part of the contents of 
this Pricing Supplement [and] the Base Prospectus 
[and the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
Admission to listing and trading of the Notes on TPEx 
shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of the 
Issuer or the Notes. and the supplement[s] thereto No 
assurance can be given as to whether the Notes will 
be, or will remain, listed on TPEx. If the Notes fail to 
or cease to be listed on TPEx, certain investors may 
not invest in, or continue to hold or invest in, the 
Notes] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[Taipei Exchange ("TPEx") is not responsible for the 
content of this Pricing Supplement, the Base 
Prospectus 
[and 
the 
amendment[s] 
and/or 
supplement[s] thereto] and no representation is made 
by TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of these 
Pricing Supplement [and], the Base Prospectus [and 
the amendment[s] and/or supplement[s] thereto]. 
TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any 
losses arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, 
all or part of the contents of this Pricing Supplement 
[and] the Base Prospectus [and the amendment[s] 
and/or supplement[s] thereto. Admission to listing 
and trading of the Notes on TPEx shall not be taken 
as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the 
Notes] 
[(iii) 
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on[specify market– note this must not be a regulated

--- Page 285 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 285 - 
market e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange, Vienna MTF, etc], 
with 
a 
minimum 
subscription 
amount 
of 
[€100,000]/[specify minimum subscription amount, 
which must be greater than €100,000], applicable on 
issuance and on secondary market sales] 
[(iv) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ]] 
 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)] [The 
Notes are not rated] [Delete as applicable] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus; 
[] (specific if reasons for offer are different from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus]  
(Insert if applicable) 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
CUSIP Code: 
[           ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 286 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 286 - 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A, 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text 
for registered notes held under the NSS]] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" selected in which case the 
bearer Global Notes must be issued in NGN form/the 
registered Global Note Certificates must be held under 
the NSS] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for Registered Note]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/ give names] 
 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of dealer: 
[           ]

--- Page 287 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 287 - 
 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
Additional Selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[The Notes have not been, and shall not be, offered, 
sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other 
than to "professional institutional investors" as defined 
under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC. Purchasers of the Notes are 
not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Notes 
except by transfer to a Professional Institutional 
Investor. (Note that this item is to be inserted if Notes 
are admitted to trading on the TPEx)] 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[ROC TAXATION] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: The following is a general description of the 
principal of the ROC tax consequences for investors 
receiving interest in respect of, or disposing of, the 
Notes and is of a general nature based on the Issuer's 
understanding of current law and practice. It does not 
purport to be comprehensive and does not constitute 
legal or tax advice. 
This general description is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date hereof and that the Notes will be 
issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, 
to professional institutional investors as defined under 
Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer 
Protection Act of the ROC only. This description is 
subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. 
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing 
law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise 
than as stated below. Investors should consult their 
professional advisers on the possible tax consequences 
of subscribing for, purchasing, holding or selling the 
Notes.] 
 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, 
there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest [or 
deemed interest] to be paid on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest 
[or deemed interest]4 receivable under the Notes as part 
of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate 
of 20 per cent. (unless the total taxable income for a 
fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject to 
income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual 
basis. The alternative minimum tax ("AMT") is not 
applicable. 
 
4  
Applicable for Zero Coupon Notes only.

--- Page 288 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 288 - 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial 
bonds is subject to a 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
tax ("STT") on the transaction price. However, Article 
2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate 
bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 2010 to 31 
December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will 
be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted on or 
before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 
2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to STT at 
0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise 
provided by the tax laws that may be in force at that 
time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are 
exempt from income tax. Accordingly, ROC corporate 
holders are not subject to income tax on any capital 
gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
ROC corporate holders should include the capital gains 
in calculating their basic income for the purpose of 
calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT 
exceeds the ordinary income tax calculated pursuant to 
the Income Basic Tax Act of the ROC (also known as 
the AMT Act), the excess becomes the ROC corporate 
holders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred 
by such holders may be carried over 5 years to offset 
against capital gains of the same category of income 
for the purposes of calculating their AMT. 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
[ROC SETTLEMENT AND TRADING] 
 
[N.B.: To be inserted if Notes are listed on the Taipei 
Exchange: An investor with a securities book-entry 
account with a ROC securities broker and a foreign 
currency deposit account with a ROC bank may 
request the approval of the Taiwan Depositary & 
Clearing Corporation ("TDCC") to the settlement of 
the Notes through the account of TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and if such 
approval is granted by the TDCC, the Notes may be so 
cleared and settled. In such circumstances, TDCC will 
allocate the respective Notes position to the securities 
book-entry account designated by such investor in the 
ROC. The Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to 
the applicable rules and operating procedures of 
TDCC and the TPEx as domestic bonds.   
In addition, an investor may apply to TDCC (by filing 
in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its own 
account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for trading in the domestic market or vice 
versa for trading in overseas markets. 
For such investors who hold their interests in the Notes 
through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions

--- Page 289 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
- 289 - 
of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such 
holders may be made by payment services banks 
whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign 
currency deposit accounts of the holders. Such 
payment is expected to be made on the second ROC 
business day following TDCC's receipt of such 
payment (due to time difference, the payment is 
expected to be received by TDCC one ROC business 
day after the distribution date). However, when the 
holders will actually receive such distributions may 
vary depending upon the daily operations of the ROC 
banks with which the holder has the foreign currency 
deposit account.]  
 
 
SPECIFIC BUY-BACK PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph 
of this paragraph 9) 
[The value of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date shall 
reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of but will 
not necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions if any at the relevant time. 
In the event that the Issuer accepts a request to buy-
back the Notes, the price at which the Issuer will buy-
back the Notes (the "Buy-Back Price") will be 
determined taking into consideration but will not 
necessarily be the same as the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions.] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than] [[5/[]] Business Days][specify] 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information relating to: 
(i) 
the calculation of the interest basis in respect 
of the Notes (unbundling), in particular, 
information relating to the Extra-Yield (being 
the additional remuneration paid in respect of 
the Notes compared to other debt instruments 
with equivalent payments but to which the 
Specific Buy-Back Provisions do not apply); 
and  
(ii) 
the Underlying Transactions, if any, and any 
changes thereto,  
shall be published on [[]] [[]] [specify alternative 
method of publication]. 
• 
Issuer contact details for notices: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
[specify address] 
[specify e-mail]] 
 
[SOFR 
Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]

--- Page 290 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 290 - 
FORM OF NOTES 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes shall be represented initially by one 
or more Notes in global form.  
Registered Notes shall be represented initially by one or more global Notes in registered form, without Coupons 
(each, a "Global Note Certificate"). If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes may 
be represented by a Global Note Certificate (as defined below) that is deposited with or on behalf of a common 
depositary or, in the case of a Global Note Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (as defined 
below), a common safekeeper, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or a nominee thereof for credit to the 
respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby. Purchasers of Notes may elect to hold 
interests in Global Note Certificates through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are participants in 
such systems or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such systems.  
Bearer Notes shall be represented initially by a temporary global Note in bearer form, without Coupons (a 
"Temporary Global Note"), which shall be deposited (a) in the case of a global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, with or on behalf of a common depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in the case of a global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in such Temporary 
Global Note shall be exchangeable for beneficial interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form, without 
coupons (a "Permanent Global Note" and each of a Temporary Global Note and a Permanent Global Note, a 
"Global Note"), in an equal aggregate principal amount, not earlier than the 40th day after the applicable closing 
date upon certification of non-U.S. ownership, as set forth in the Programme Manual. Such exchange will be made 
upon certification to the effect that the holder is (i) a person that is not a United States person, (ii) a United States 
person that is (A) a foreign branch of a United States financial institution (as defined in United States Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.165-12(c)(l)(iv)) subscribing for or purchasing for its own account or for resale or (B) a 
United States person who acquired Notes through a foreign branch of a United States financial institution and who 
holds the Notes through such financial institution on the date of such certification (and in each case (A) or (B), 
that the financial institution agrees to comply with the requirements of section 165(j)(3)(A), (B) or (C) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) 
or (iii) a financial institution that acquired Notes for purposes of resale during the restricted period (as defined in 
United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulations Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010)), and such financial institution certifies that it has not acquired the Notes for purposes of resale directly 
or indirectly within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person. A financial institution, 
whether or not described in (i) or (ii) above, that purchases Notes for purposes of resale during the restricted 
period, may only give the certification described in (iii) above. Except in the limited circumstances described 
below or as otherwise set forth in the Applicable Transaction Terms, owners of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes shall not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. For details of how Notes may be transferred see 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes —Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title)". 
Registered Notes may be evidenced by one or more Global Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable in the limited circumstances 
described below for Registered Notes in definitive form, each evidenced by an individual note certificate (an 
"Individual Note Certificate"). 
Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, in an initial 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable 
as described below. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or the Global Note Certificates are 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS"), as the case may be, the Applicable Transaction Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes or Global Note Certificates are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes or the Global Note Certificates 
are so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or

--- Page 291 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 291 - 
all times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for NGNs and Global Note Certificates which are held under NSS will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approval by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
A Note may be accelerated by the Noteholder(s) in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate 
and the Global Note or Global Note Certificate (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, the payment 
in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, each account holder which has Notes represented by 
such Global Note or Global Note Certificate credited to its securities accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and will acquire all 
those rights that it would have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and authenticated Notes in definitive 
form in respect of the relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all payments due at any time in 
respect of the relevant Notes) subject to and in accordance with, in the case of English Law Notes, the terms of a 
deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 21 December 2023 and executed by the Issuer, and, in the case 
of the Spanish Law Notes, under the provisions of Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title) and the relevant 
Global Note or Global Note Certificate and, from that time, the holder of the Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate will have no further rights under such Global Note or Global Note Certificate (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the holder or any other person may have under the Deed of Covenant (in the case of English 
Law Notes) or as a Noteholder other than the Global Note or Global Note Certificate (in the case of the Spanish 
Law Notes)). 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes in global form 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, Registered Notes of the same Series 
will be represented, in whole or in part, by a Global Note Certificate that is either (a) registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and deposited on or about 
the relevant issue date with such common depositary (in the case of a Global Note Certificate that is not to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure), or (b) registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and deposited on or about the relevant issue date with such common 
safekeeper (in the case of a Global Note Certificate that is to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure), in 
each case for credit to the respective accounts of beneficial owners of the Notes represented thereby (a "Global 
Note Certificate"). 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of Registered Global Notes represented by a 
Global Note Certificate will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the 
Register (as defined in Condition 2(a)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Registered Notes in definitive form  
Interests in a Global Note Certificates will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
(ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business

--- Page 292 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 292 - 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system 
is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in 
that Condition. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes shall initially be issued in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, in an initial 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, (i) for a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons 
attached, which shall in turn be exchangeable (in whole, but not in part) in limited circumstances in the form of 
definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, or for interests in an Individual Note Certificate of 
such Series, (ii) in whole but not in part, directly for definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, 
which shall in turn be exchangeable at the option of the Noteholder for interests in an Individual Note Certificate 
of such Series or (iii) directly for interests in an Individual Note Certificate. Purchasers in the United States 
(including its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction) will not be able to receive Bearer 
Notes. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall deliver each Temporary Global Note executed and authenticated: (1) in the case 
of a Classic Global Note, to the common depositary; or (2) in the case of an NGN, to the common safekeeper in 
each case for the benefit of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for credit against payment in immediately 
available funds on the date of settlement to the respective accounts of the holders of the Notes of the Series 
represented by such Temporary Global Note. 
The bearer of a Global Note will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes. Owners of beneficial interests in a Global 
Note will not be considered the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under 
the Agency Agreement or the Notes. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able 
to transfer that interest except in accordance with applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in addition to those under the Agency Agreement referred to herein). 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest and other amounts on any Global Note will be made to 
the bearer thereof. Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in 
respect of a Global Note held by a common depositary or its nominee or by a common safekeeper, will 
immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of such Global Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in a Global Note held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees 
for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants. 
On or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is the earlier of (i) the first Business Day following the 
expiration of a period of 40 days after the date on which the Notes of such Series were issued and (ii) the first day 
on which interest, if any, is paid on the Notes of such Series, beneficial interests in the Temporary Global Note of 
a Series as to which the Principal Paying Agent has received certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
thereof as required by United States Treasury Regulations and as set forth in the Programme Manual, interests in

--- Page 293 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 293 - 
the Temporary Global Note will, upon presentation thereof to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent, be 
exchanged (i) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of such Series, (ii) directly for interests in a Global Note 
Certificate of such Series, or (iii) in whole but not in part, directly for one or more definitive Bearer Notes of the 
same Series, in each case pursuant to the procedures set forth in the next paragraph, with respect to that portion 
of such Temporary Global Note; provided, however, that, if definitive Bearer Notes and (if applicable) Coupons 
have already been issued in exchange for a portion of such Temporary Global Note or for all of the Notes 
represented for the time being by such Permanent Global Note because Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg do not regard the Permanent Global Note to be fungible with such definitive Bearer Notes, then such 
Temporary Global Note may only thereafter be exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes and (if applicable) Coupons 
pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement and of such Notes.  
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes or a Permanent Global Note becomes exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of definitive Bearer Notes (or, as described below, Individual Note 
Certificates) to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting exchange, and, in 
the case of a Temporary Global Note in respect of which the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the D 
Rules are applicable, upon receipt of the certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to 
above. 
Any definitive Bearer Note delivered in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note shall bear substantially the same legends as are set forth on the face of the Temporary or 
Permanent Global Note for which it was exchanged. No Bearer Note may be delivered nor may any interest be 
paid on any Bearer Note until the person entitled to receive such Bearer Note or such interest furnishes the 
certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to above. 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that the Notes are "Exchangeable Bearer Notes" then, upon 
the conditions set out in the Agency Agreement, Permanent Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes representing 
such Notes may be exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of Individual Note Certificates of the same 
Series in authorised denominations, or, if so indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, for beneficial interests 
in a Global Note Certificate, at the request in writing of the Holder and, in the case of an exchange of definitive 
Bearer Notes, upon surrender of such definitive Bearer Notes to be exchanged (together with all unmatured 
Coupons, if any, relating to it) to the specified office of the Registrar, its duly authorised agent or any other 
Transfer Agent. Where, however, an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for any payment of interest or any Instalment Amount, or such other 
record Date as may be applicable, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Receipt in respect of that 
Instalment Amount need not be surrendered with it.  
No holder of any Note may require a Permanent Global Note or definitive Bearer Note to be exchanged for a 
Registered Note during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal on that Note. 
Notes issued pursuant to the exchanges described above will be available from the specified office of the Registrar, 
its duly authorised agent or any other Transfer Agent (including the Transfer Agent located in Luxembourg). 
Subject as provided below, until exchanged in full, Global Notes of a Series shall in all respects be entitled to the 
same benefits under the Agency Agreement as definitive Bearer Notes of such Series authenticated and delivered 
thereunder, except that principal of and any premium, interest, additional amounts and other amounts on a 
Temporary Global Note will not be payable unless a certification, as described herein, is given by the persons 
appearing in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the owner of the Temporary Global Note or 
portions thereof being presented for payment, and unless a corresponding certification by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall have been delivered prior to each such date on which such amounts are to be paid. 
Modifications to the Conditions of Notes represented by Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
In relation to the Permanent Global Note only: 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes and any related 
Coupons or Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 294 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 294 - 
The sections referred to in the above legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will 
not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain 
realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons. 
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Bearer Notes with maturities of one year or less may be issued. 
Legend appearing on Implicit Yield Notes  
The following legend will appear on all Notes and on all receipts and coupons relating to Implicit Yield Notes: 
"THE SALE, TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION OF IMPLICIT YIELD NOTES (AS DEFINED IN 
CONDITION 8 OF THE NOTES), INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ZERO COUPON NOTES, 
TO OR BY INDIVIDUALS (PERSONAS FÍSICAS) WHO ARE TAX RESIDENT IN SPAIN (EACH A 
"SPANISH INDIVIDUAL") IS FORBIDDEN IN ALL CASES. ANY TRANSFER OF IMPLICIT YIELD 
NOTES TO OR BY SPANISH INDIVIDUALS IS NOT PERMITTED AND SUCH TRANSFER WILL BE 
CONSIDERED NULL AND VOID BY THE ISSUER. ACCORDINGLY, THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
RECOGNISE ANY SPANISH INDIVIDUAL AS AN OWNER OF IMPLICIT YIELD NOTES."

--- Page 295 ---
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 295 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
No transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to Spanish Individuals 
The sale, transfer or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes (as defined below), including, but not limited to, Zero 
Coupon Notes, to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") 
is forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted and 
such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise any Spanish 
Individual as an owner of Implicit Yield Notes.  
"Implicit Yield Notes" means Notes in respect of which the income derives from (a) the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes, or (b) subject to the paragraph below, a combination of (i) an 
explicit coupon and (ii) the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Notes. For the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Notes with the characteristics 
set out in (b) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Notes if the interest payable in each year (explicit coupon) 
is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date.  
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter determined by 
reference to 80% of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for (a) three-year Spanish 
Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of four years or less, (b) five-year Spanish Government Bond 
issues, if the Notes have a term of more than four years but equal or less than seven years, or (c) 10, 15 or 30-year 
Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Notes have a term of more than seven years, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 296 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
- 296 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Otherwise and unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of 
each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 297 ---
SANTANDER INTERNATIONAL PRODUCT PLC 
- 297 -

--- Page 298 ---
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
- 298 - 
 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The description of the Issuer is set out in certain sections of the 2022 Annual Report. These sections have been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference", which provides 
a table reconciling the content of this section with the corresponding page number(s) of the 2022 Annual Report 
containing such information).

--- Page 299 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 299 - 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or any dealer that would permit a public offering of any Notes 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Notes in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Notes, or distribution of any offering 
material relating to any Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer or 
any dealer. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2, TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C or TEFRA Not Applicable is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, trading in the Notes 
has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended and the Notes and any Entitlement(s) may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S, any dealer or distributor will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date 
(the "Resale Restriction Termination Date"), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act, and such dealer or distributor will have 
sent to any other dealer or distributor to which it sells Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable 
securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as indicated in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,

--- Page 300 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 300 - 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Spain 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) may not be offered 
to the public in Spain unless the requirements to make such an offer under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded) have been complied with. The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may 
any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain without complying with all legal and regulatory 
requirements under Spanish securities laws.  
The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may the Notes be re-sold to Spanish tax-resident individuals.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
The Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to the public in any Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in a Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer or 
any relevant dealer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 301 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 301 - 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
The Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
The Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
Issuer or any relevant dealer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities

--- Page 302 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 302 - 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should 
refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
France 
Any offer, placement or sale of the Notes in France will only be made in compliance with applicable French laws 
and regulations in force regarding such offer, placement or sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Hong Kong 
No person: 
(a) 
has offered or sold or will offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes, except for 
Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any 
rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 
32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, or will issue or will have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, 
the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other 
than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong 
or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the 
offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable 
Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time 
to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking

--- Page 303 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 303 - 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above, Notes which are initially 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null 
and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered 
by the investors. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus compliant with the requirements of articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")) for a public offering of the Notes in Switzerland and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared 
for or in connection with the offering of the Notes in Switzerland. None of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by 
a Swiss review body (Prüfstelle). No application has been or shall be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or any multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA except (i) 
in any circumstances falling within the exemptions to prepare a prospectus listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA or 
(ii) where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, provided always that no offer of Notes shall 
require the Issuer or any offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 FinSA in respect to such offer and 
that such offer shall comply with the additional restrictions set out below (if applicable). The Issuer has not 
authorised and does not authorise any offer of Notes which would require the Issuer or any offeror to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 FinSA in respect of such offer. For purposes of this provision 
"public offer" shall have the meaning as such term is understood pursuant to article 3 lit. g and h FinSA and the 
implementing Swiss Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). 
The Notes do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss 
Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA"). Therefore, the Notes are not subject to the approval of, or 
supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"), and investors in the Notes will 
not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland  
No Key Information Document pursuant to article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or 
equivalent document pursuant to foreign law pursuant to article 59 para. 2 FinSA has been or will be prepared in 
relation to the Notes. Therefore the following additional restriction applies:  
Notes qualifying as "structured products" pursuant to article 70 FinSA or as "debt securities with a derivative 
character" pursuant to article 86 para. 2 FinSO may not be offered, and none of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other offering or marketing material relating to such Notes may be made available, to any Private 
Client in Switzerland.  
For purposes of this provision "Private Client" means a person who is not one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 304 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 304 - 
(a) 
a professional client as defined in article 4 para. 3 FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of article 5 
para. 5 FinSA) or article 5 para. 1 FinSA; or 
(b) 
an institutional client as defined in article 4 para. 4 FinSA; or 
(c) 
a private client according to article 58 para. 2 FinSA. 
"offer" means an offer as defined in article 58 FinSA. 
Restrictions in relation to indirect offering of collective investment schemes 
If the offering of Notes in Switzerland qualifies as an indirect offering of collective investment schemes pursuant 
to CISA ("CIS"), e.g. if more than one third of the value of the Notes is derived from a particular CIS, the 
following additional restriction applies: Such Note may only be offered in Switzerland to Qualified Investors. For 
purposes of this provision "Qualified Investors" shall have the meaning as such term is defined in article 10 para. 
3 and 3ter CISA but not including high net worth private clients in the sense of article 5 para. 1 FinSA. 
Taiwan 
Unless the offer of the Notes has been and will be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission or other 
regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities laws and 
regulations, the Notes may not be sold, issued or offered within Taiwan, the Republic of China through a public 
offering or in a circumstance which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act 
of Taiwan, the Republic of China that requires a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission 
or other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China. No person or entity in Taiwan, the 
Republic of China has been authorised to offer, sell, give advice regarding or otherwise intermediate the offering 
and sale of any Notes in Taiwan, the Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Unless the Applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and  the Notes will not be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and the Notes will not be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;  
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 305 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
- 305 - 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments)(Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Certain Restrictions applicable to Notes issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes denominated in Singapore dollars and issued to persons in Singapore by a person carrying on a deposit-
taking business (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) with a maturity period of less than 12 months and a 
denomination of less than S$200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the Banking Act 1970 of 
Singapore (the "Singapore Banking Act"), unless the Notes are issued to certain persons, including either: 
(a) 
an individual whose total net personal assets exceed in value S$2 million (or its equivalent in foreign 
currency) at the time of the subscription, whose financial assets (net of any related liabilities) exceed in 
value S$1 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of subscription, or whose income in the 
12 months preceding the time of subscription is not less than S$300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign 
currency) at the time of the payment; or 
(b) 
a company whose total net assets (as determined by the last audited-balance sheet of the company) 
exceeds S$10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of subscription. 
In determining the value of an individual's total net personal assets for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, the 
value of the individual's primary residence is taken to be the lower of the following: 
(a) 
the value calculated by deducting any outstanding amounts in respect of any credit facility that is secured 
by the residence from the estimated fair market value of the residence; and 
(b) 
S$1 million. 
In addition, even where Notes issued in Singapore dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000 are not 
treated as deposits for the purposes of the Singapore Banking Act, certain additional information is required to be 
furnished to investors in Singapore by an issuer which is carrying on a deposit-taking business. In such case, 
please refer to the Applicable Transaction Terms for such further information. 
General 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, or distribute this Base Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified by the Issuer. Any such supplement or modification may 
be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a 
particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 306 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 306 - 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the 
Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
whom (such as dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors who are in any doubts 
as to their position should consult with their own professional advisers. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source.  
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations and it is based on the laws presently 
in force in Spain (without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country 
and the Community of Navarre or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors 
for certain taxes). The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and 
practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June 2014 on the ordination, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"), of 27 July 2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July 2011; 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax ("PIT"), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 
March promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended from time to 
time, and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit 
institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax ("Corporate Income 
Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, on the Corporate Income Tax, as 
amended from time to time, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations, as amended from time to time (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are Non-Resident 
Income Tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 
2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended from time 
to time, Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004, promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended from time to time and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as 
amended from time to time, and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and 
on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes. 
Indirect Taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992, regulating such tax, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 307 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 307 - 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals ("personas fisicas") with tax residency in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") are 
subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain 
when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish 
company makes interest payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity to be considered tax-
resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own 
capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore 
must be included in the investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the 
aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and 
€200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between €200,000.01 and €300,000, and 28 per cent. for 
taxable income exceeding €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per 
cent. According to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer will make interest payments to 
individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that the 
relevant simplified reporting obligations imposed by Spanish tax legislation from time to time (currently 
under the regulations established by Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, of 29 July), were complied with. If the Principal Paying Agent fails or for any reason is 
unable to deliver the required information in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general 
rate applicable from time to time (currently 19 per cent.), and the Issuer will not pay the relevant 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the holders of the Notes of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted 
by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are 
resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory.  
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year. 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, 
to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is 
forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted 
and such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise 
any Spanish Individual as owner of Implicit Yield Notes. 
1.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de 
Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. In particular, 
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 
31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The final tax 
rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022, which is a two 
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As 
regards the Basque Country and Navarre, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its 
application will be agreed in the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque 
Country and the Commission of the Economic Agreement with Navarre. 
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3,000,000 and €5,000,000, 
(ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between €5,000,000.01 and €10,000,000, and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net 
worth of more than €10,000,000. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of

--- Page 308 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 308 - 
€700,000 which means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax 
exempt, is greater than €3,700,000. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 
per cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to Corporate Income Tax (at the current general rate of 25%) in accordance with 
the rules for this tax. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income Tax taxpayers and, 
for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special 
rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
In accordance with Section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, there is no obligation to withhold 
on interest payable under the Notes issued in accordance with the Law 10/2014 and on the reimbursement 
of the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of equal to or less than 12 months to Spanish CIT taxpayers 
(which for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident 
pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest payments from the Notes or on the 
reimbursement of such Implicit Yield Notes to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant 
information about the Notes is duly submitted. 
According to Article 61.q) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, the Spanish Issuer would not be 
obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of 
more than 12 months to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that such Implicit Yield Notes would be issued 
in book entry form (as in Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities 
depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and 
admitted to trading on an official secondary securities market or in the Alternative Fixed Income Market 
in Spain. 
Likewise, in relation to the Implicit Yield Notes referred in the preceding paragraph, the information 
procedures set out in the CIT regulations would also need to be observed. In this respect, it is necessary 
to distinguish the procedure to be followed in the case of Notes issued in accordance with the Law 
10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, from the procedure 
applicable to the Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months. 
In the case of Implicit Yield Notes including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, with a duration of 
more than 12 months, the Issuer will proceed to reimburse them provided that the holder thereof accredits 
their prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally required certificate 
that has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain. In accordance with the 
legislation currently in force, in case of failure to provide such certificate, the Issuer will not proceed to 
pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against 
their final CIT liability. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad 
de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are neither subject to Wealth Tax, nor to Solidarity Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)

--- Page 309 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 309 - 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving 
from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
In the same way, the reimbursement of Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 
months will follow the same procedure as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Notes issued in accordance with the Law 10/2014 and Implicit Yield Notes 
with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, obtained by individuals or entities who have no 
tax residency in Spain, and which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent 
establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid 
down for income from public debt provided that the relevant information about such Notes is 
duly submitted to the Issuer. 
In the case of Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, the Spanish Issuer 
would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain to Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers if the 
holder provides the Issuer with a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the 
relevant country. 
To make the above exemptions effective, it will be necessary to comply with the information 
provision obligations described below. For these purposes, it is necessary to distinguish the 
procedure to be followed in the case of Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit 
Yield Notes with a duration equal to or less than 12 months, from the procedure applicable to 
Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad 
de las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals 
whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed 
EUR 700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax in tax year 2022, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2% and 3.5%.  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022, which is a two 
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As 
regards the Basque Country and Navarre, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its 
application will be agreed in the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque 
Country and the Commission of the Economic Agreement with Navarre. 
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3,000,000 and €5,000,000, 
(ii) 2.1 per cent on a net worth between €5,000,000.01 and €10,000,000, and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net 
worth of more than €10,000,000. Note that the Non-Spanish tax resident individuals do not have access

--- Page 310 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 310 - 
to the general tax exemption of €700,000 which means that they are taxed when the net wealth located 
in Spain is greater than €3,000,000. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Solidarity Tax. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance 
and Gift Tax in accordance with Spanish regional and state legislation. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a 
double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the 
taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents 
(i.e. individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to 
certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 
2024 the Notes held on 31 December 2023). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would 
only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets 
increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or 
extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership 
was reported in previous declarations. 
5. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
5.1 
Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a term equal to or less 
than 12 months 
In the case of Notes issued in accordance with Law 10/2014 or Implicit Yield Notes with a duration equal 
to or less than 12 months, the Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the 
Spanish tax authorities in which it reports on certain information relating to the Notes.  
In respect of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes, other than Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more 
than 12 months, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, for the purpose of preparing 
the annual return referred to above, certain information with respect thereto must be submitted to the 
Issuer at the time of each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made;

--- Page 311 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 311 - 
(b) 
the date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment corresponding to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Principal Paying Agent (or any other entity that holds securities on behalf of third parties 
within clearing and settlement systems domiciled in the Spanish territory) must certify the information 
above about such Notes by means of a certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base 
Prospectus. In light of the above, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent have arranged certain 
procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning such Notes. Investors should note that 
the Issuer does not accept any responsibility relating to the procedures established for the collection of 
information concerning the Notes. 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are 
nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See "Risk Factors". 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the Agency 
Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent. In particular, if the Principal Paying Agent does not act as common depositary, the 
procedures described in this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency Agreement. 
If, following clarifications by the Spanish Tax Authorities, procedures in relation to Royal Decree 
1065/2007 are subsequently amended, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent will implement such 
procedures as may be required to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under applicable 
legislation as clarified by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only. 
5.2 
Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months 
In case of Implicit Yield Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, the reimbursement proceeding 
requires that the holder (i) provides the Issuer with a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of its tax residence, in the case of Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers, 
according to which no withholding tax should apply upon such reimbursement and (ii) accredits their 
prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price by means of the legally required certificate that 
has been issued by a Spanish financial institution or established in Spain. 
In accordance with the legislation currently in force, in the case of failure to provide the certificate in 
relation to the prior acquisition and the corresponding acquisition price, the Issuer will not proceed to 
pay to the holder the reimbursement thereof. 
6. 
No holding of Implicit Yield Notes by Spanish Individuals 
The sale, transfer, or acquisition of Implicit Yield Notes including, but not limited to, Zero Coupon Notes, 
to or by individuals (personas físicas) who are tax resident in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") is 
forbidden in all cases. Any transfer of Implicit Yield Notes to or by Spanish Individuals is not permitted 
and such transfer will be considered null and void by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer will not recognise 
any Spanish Individual as owner of Implicit Yield Notes.  
7. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("EU FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common EU 
FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and 
Spain. Estonia, however, withdrew from the enhanced cooperation in March 2016 (the "FTT 
Participating Member States").

--- Page 312 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 312 - 
The initial proposal had a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in financial 
instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
The initial proposal could apply to persons both within and outside of the FTT Participating Member 
States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in financial instruments where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, 
the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, and FTT 
Participating Member States may withdraw.  
Prospective investors of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
8. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish financial tax (the "Spanish FTT") was approved on 7 
October 2020 (the "FTT Law") and the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín 
Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the 
publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021).  
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. The taxpayer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase 
order and must submit an annual tax return. 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of 
each year will be published on the Spanish tax authorities’ website before 31 December each year. For 
the purposes of transactions closed during 2023, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose 
market capitalisation exceeded €1 billion as of 1 December 2022, that will fall within the scope of the 
Spanish FTT. 
In principle, the Spanish FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds or debt or similar instruments. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT.

--- Page 313 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 313 - 
Annex I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y 
de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (….)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Paying agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
1.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………… 
1.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados)…………………………….. 
1.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated)

--- Page 314 ---
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH 
PAYMENTS 
- 314 - 
1.4 Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga una 
Entidad Gestora ................................. 
1.4 Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved.................. 
1.5 Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
2.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
…………………………………………………… 
2.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
…………………………………………………… 
2.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados .........…………………………………….. 
2.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated) 
2.4 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country A. 
2.5 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country B. 
2.6 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ..................….a …. de ...................…de …. 
I declare the above in ....................... on the.... of ....................... of .... 
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el 
número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain, the number or 
identification code which corresponds to their country of residence shall be included.

--- Page 315 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 315 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to AIAF for the Notes to be admitted to listing and to trade on it as a regulated 
market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by AIAF but which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems and/or may be unlisted. 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Spain in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of 
the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 18 
December 2023. 
3. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
4. 
Each permanent or definitive Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon relating to such a Note where 
TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code". 
5. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 
12 months up to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
6. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
7. 
Since 30 June 2023 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Issuer. 
8. 
Clearing systems  
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
9. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available for inspection from the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es) and on the 
Issuer's website (www.santander.com): 
(i) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the information incorporated by reference herein under "Documents incorporated by 
Reference". 
10. 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Banco Santander, S.A. for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under number S-0242 in the 
Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas).

--- Page 316 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 316 - 
11. 
Copies of the annual report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant will be available 
for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes is outstanding. The Issuer does not prepare audited interim financial statements. 
12. 
Any uniform resource locators given in respect of website addresses in the Base Prospectus are inactive 
textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this 
Base Prospectus (except as specified in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") nor should 
the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus.  
13. 
Allen & Overy have acted as legal adviser to the Issuer as to Spanish law and English law, in relation to 
the establishment of the Programme. 
14. 
In relation to this Programme, Banco Santander, S.A. acts in its capacity as arranger of and a dealer under 
the Programme. Prospective investors should note that Banco Santander, S.A. is also the Issuer under the 
Programme. 
15. 
There are no statements made by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus regarding its competitive position.  
16. 
There are no conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer, of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of the Issuer, and their private interests and or other duties. 
17. 
The Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another entity. 
18. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
19. 
The Issuer has not changed its accounting reference date during the period for which historical financial 
information is required. The audit reports on the historical financial information have not been refused 
by the statutory auditors and there is no, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter. 
There is no other information in the Base Prospectus which has been audited by the auditors. 
20. 
There are no material contracts which could result in any member of the Banco Santander consolidated 
group of companies being under an obligation that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
to the Noteholders. 
21. 
The Issuer and its affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Issuer and 
its affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Issuer or its affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, the Issuer and its affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer and its affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 317 ---
THE ISSUER 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Registered Office 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Paseo de Pereda 9-12 
39004 Santander 
Spain 
 
Head Office 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria, s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte-Madrid 
Spain 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria, s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660 Boadilla del Monte-Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street  
London EC4V 4LA  
United Kingdom

--- Page 318 ---
REGISTRAR 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
 
 
as to English law 
as to Spanish law 
 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy 
C/ Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain