--- Page 1 ---
BANCA TRANSILVANIA S.A. 
(a joint stock company (societate pe acțiuni) incorporated under the laws of Romania, with its registered office at 30 – 36 Calea 
Dorobantilor, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County, Romania, registered with the Cluj Trade Registry under no. J12/4155/1993, sole registration code 
5022670, registered with the National Bank of Romania Registry of credit institutions under no. RB-PJR-12-019)  
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus is issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of 
notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period 
of twelve months after the date hereof. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list ("the Official 
List") and to trading on Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are 
to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CBI has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus supersedes 
and replaces in its entirety the base prospectus dated 24 November 2023. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer 
to fulfil its respective obligations under Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arrangers 
CITIGROUP  
ING  
J.P. MORGAN  
Dealers 
BT CAPITAL 
PARTNERS 
S.A. 
CITIGROUP 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
MORGAN 
STANLEY 
NOMURA 
23 SEPTEMBER 2024

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Banca Transilvania S.A. (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under 
"Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to 
the pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") specific to the relevant Tranche of Exempt Notes or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of Notes) material; 
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in 
any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third-party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions 
of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
 
Use of proceeds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of those Notes to finance or re-finance green and/or social 
eligible loans (the “Eligible Loans”) with a positive environmental and/or social benefit. The Issuer has 
established a framework for such issuances on 22 November 2023 (the "Sustainable Finance Framework") 
which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Loans based on the recommendations included in 
the most recently published voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, social and sustainability bonds 
published by the International Capital Market Association, as well as in the LMA/APLMA/LSTA Green Loan 
Principles 2023 and LMA/APLAM/LSTA Social Loan Principles.  
 
Sustainable Notes 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Sustainable Notes (as defined herein) or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (which will apply starting with 21 December 2024) (the "EU Green 
Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services 
sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None of the Dealers is 
responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Sustainable Notes, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time 
sufficient Eligible Loans to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Sustainable 
Notes in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Sustainable Finance Framework including 
the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to Sustainable Notes set out in therein. Sustainalytics 
has issued a Second Party Opinion (as defined herein) on the Sustainable Finance Framework. The Second Party 
Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address 
any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainable Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that 
formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time 
and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The Sustainable Finance Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference 
in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") Ratings 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG 
ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
 
Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in 
respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation 
methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website 
does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold 
or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and of the tax implications 
thereof. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under the European Union (“EU”) Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of Notes and which channels for distribution of Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of Notes and which channels for distribution of Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Prohibition of Sales to individuals who are Romanian tax residents 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to individuals (natural persons) who are Romanian tax residents. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any 
such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and 
provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification 
of Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
1,500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euros at 
the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed and specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that 
the minimum denomination of Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in 
such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of Notes.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements about the Issuer and the BT Group. Discussions 
of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions or words such as "anticipates", "believes", "expects", 
"plans", "intends", "targets", "aims", "estimates", "projects", "will", "would", "may", "could", "should" or 
"continue" or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, and similar expressions, 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included 
in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer and the BT Group's financial 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause the Issuer and the BT Group's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are based on current estimates and assumptions regarding the Issuer and the BT Group's present and 
future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer and the BT Group expect to operate in the future. 
Accordingly, potential investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk 
Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might 
have an impact on the Issuer and the BT Group's business and the market in which they operate. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus and the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus to reflect any 
change in the Issuer's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward-
looking statements are based. Given the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, the Issuer cannot assure

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
 
investors that projected results or events will be achieved and the Issuer cautions investors not to place undue 
reliance on these statements.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................ 2 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 14 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 51 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 56 
FORMS OF NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ............................................................................................... 63 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 117 
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................... 134 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................... 136 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................... 139 
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT................................................................................................................. 231 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 235 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 240 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 243

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, 
a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
The Issuer: 
Banca Transilvania S.A. 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
ING Bank N.V.  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers: 
BT Capital Partners S.A.  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
ING Bank N.V.  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (the "Dealers") 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Status and waiver of Set-off: 
 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer as Senior Notes, Preferred Eligible 
Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Notes and Preferred Eligible Notes shall constitute direct, 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. Preferred Eligible Notes may qualify as eligible liabilities 
instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR and/or to the Romanian 
Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are included 
in the amount to be complied with for the minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the Romanian Recovery 
and Resolution Act, including any debt instruments that qualify as 
eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the 
CRR and/or the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes shall constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, provided 
that they are non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to 
Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. 
Subordinated Notes shall qualify as Tier 2 Capital and constitute 
direct, unsecured, unguaranteed, unconditional, and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
See Condition 4 (Status) for further information of the ranking of 
Notes in the event of insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy 
proceedings) (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer. 
Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and 
Subordinated Notes are not subject to any set off or netting 
arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses 
in resolution. Accordingly, no Holder of such Notes shall be entitled 
to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes.  
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. Notes of each Tranche will also be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of 
different denominations. 
Maturities:  
Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. For tax 
purposes, any discount between the issue price and the par is also 
treated as interest. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
 
any successor thereto), as specified in the relevant final 
terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Reset Rate Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will bear interest on their principal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, this fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to a mid-market swap rate or to a reference bond yield 
to maturity, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption:  
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, redemption 
is permitted at any time following the occurrence of a Tax Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event (in the 
case of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and, 
following the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, 
Subordinated Notes), a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes), or at the option of the Issuer, in each case subject to the 
relevant Conditions to Redemption (to the extent applicable). 
Early redemption will otherwise be permitted only to the extent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Early redemption of Notes may only take place in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations and if the Issuer has been 
granted the permission of the Competent Authority (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of 
Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes) (as each 
such term is defined in the Conditions) and subject to compliance 
with such further conditions to redemption (if any) as may be 
applicable in accordance with Condition 6(k) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United 
Kingdom Securities Laws". 
Form and Denomination of Notes:  
Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public either in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under either the 
Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Taxing 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is required to be made according to applicable 
laws in the Taxing Jurisdiction, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders after such deduction for or on account of withholding 
shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable 
in the absence of such deduction.  
Negative Pledge: 
None.  
Cross Default and  
Events of Default:  
Senior Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 7(a) (Events of Default - Senior Notes). 
The terms of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes 
and Subordinated Notes will not contain a cross default provision and 
have limited events of default as further described in Condition 7(b) 
(Events of Default - Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred 
Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes). 
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of Notes as provided in 
Condition 17 (Substitution and Variation) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. See "Subscription and 
Sale" for further information.  
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to 
Notes already issued. 
Governing Law: 
Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by English law 
except that the status and subordination provisions applicable to 
Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and 
Subordinated Notes and the acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers will be governed by the laws of Romania.  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors" for further 
information.  
Use of proceeds: 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be used for the general financing purposes of the Issuer and meeting 
regulatory capital requirements. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, including 
financing/refinancing Eligible Loans determined in accordance with 
the Eligibility Criteria set out in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes, prospective investors should 
carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry 
in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular 
the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of Notes" below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry in which it operates and Notes 
summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" are the risks that the Issuer believes to be 
the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in Notes. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not 
occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks summarised in 
the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" but also, among other things, the risks and uncertainties 
described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that either 
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price 
of Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
1. Risks Relating to The Issuer 
The Issuer’s business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by economic 
conditions, in particular, in Romania, but also in Europe, Republic of Moldova and globally. 
Substantially all of the Issuer’s business activities and loans and advances are to customers in Romania, with 
financial services offered to Italian customers through its Italian branch and, at BT Group level, to customers in 
the Republic of Moldova through Victoriabank S.A. and BT Leasing MD S.R.L. The Issuer’s business and 
financial performance is therefore directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic 
conditions in Romania and the European Union (the “EU”), Republic of Moldova and global economy and 
financial markets both generally, and as they specifically affect financial institutions. The Issuer considers the 
following subcategories to be of material relevance in this regard.  
Deterioration in economic conditions 
A deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect the Issuer’s business and financial performance. 
Specifically, a deterioration in economic conditions in the markets where the Issuer operates could adversely 
impact the Issuer’s revenue streams (for example, as a result of a decrease in the demand for some of the Issuer’s 
banking services and products) and lead to higher than expected credit losses. As a result of a number of factors, 
including natural disasters (such as drought, flooding and earthquakes), the evolution of the COVID-19 related 
healthcare crisis, government support measures to counter the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
overlapping supply-side disruptions, the on-going impact of Brexit on the EU’s trade and economy and the Russia-
Ukraine war (particularly impacting energy and food prices which in turn impacts the behaviours and financial 
standing of the Issuer’s customers) as well as the military conflict in Israel (the extent of its impact on global trade 
and economy still being uncertain), inflation rates have increased significantly in a number of developed or 
developing markets, including Romania. Interest rate rises, which are common in an inflationary scenario, may 
also have a negative impact on the demand for loan products of the Issuer. While the inflation rate in Romania has 
declined throughout 2023 and 2024, reaching 6.61 per cent. at the end 2023 and further declining to 4.9 per cent. 
in June 2024, it could remain elevated for longer than expected due to secondary effects stemming from elevated 
inflation, such as wage growth and subsequent higher and unanchored inflation expectations. Elevated inflation 
typically erodes households’ purchasing power and it could, together with a squeeze on company profits, 
deteriorate business and consumer confidence, weigh on economic growth which was, following the pandemic-
induced crisis and prior to the beginning of the war in Ukraine, expected to be predominantly driven by consumer 
spending.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
 
Inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, constraints on household income, reduced savings buffers and higher 
indebtedness levels, both in Romania and the EU, could impact on the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers — 
see the risk factor entitled "Any decrease in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties could 
adversely affect the Issuer's business " for further details. A decrease in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers 
could lead to an increase in the Issuer’s level of non-performing exposures, impact its financial performance and, 
eventually, its ability to lend to customers. In addition, reduced household incomes, increased expenses, increased 
instalments in the context of rising interest rates and/or resulting risk aversion could lead to lower demand both 
for mortgage and consumer lending, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. According to Eurostat consumer prices (HICP basis) rose by 
an average annual pace of 5.8 per cent. in Romania as at the end of July 2024, having the highest rate in the 
European Union. 
Core consumer prices had the highest annual increase compared to other CEE countries as at the end of July 2024: 
an annual average pace of 9.2 per cent. In the Euro area core consumer prices increased by 2.9 per cent. year-on-
year average at the end of July 2024. 
Changes in market sentiment could also result in an abrupt increase in risk premia, causing dislocation in global 
financial markets which could have an adverse effect on economic activity, including in Romania and the EU 
where substantially all of the Issuer’s business activities reside, thereby potentially reducing the Issuer’s 
profitability and having an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and ability to lend to customers. 
Furthermore, the Romanian economy is one of the largest beneficiaries of EU Recovery and Resilience Facility 
(“RRF”). RRF beneficiary countries are set to see increased investment projects, direct and indirect boost to 
lending, adding to economic growth. Success of RRF-led growth depends on timely reforms and utilisation of 
available funds under the programme. Potential lack of progress of reform and lack of programme absorption may 
result in suboptimal growth outcomes for the Romanian economy, compared to what is set to be achievable in 
medium term.  
Economic, social and political conditions in Europe or elsewhere 
Any potential deterioration in the economic, social and political conditions in the EU or elsewhere, changes to the 
political leadership of member countries of the EU and/or other political instability or unrest that impacts the EU 
and/or other regions could result in increased volatility in the general economic or political conditions of Romania 
and other countries in the EU, thereby having an adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability.  
More specifically, on 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, which has heightened tensions in the region and 
increased the risk of military conflict spreading to neighbouring countries. In this context, Russian officials have 
also made statements that threaten the sovereignty of Moldova, including promoting and/or advocating for the 
separatism movement in Transnistria and there have been reports of Russian military involvement in the region. 
These actions have the potential to escalate the conflict and create further instability in the region. 
The extent and duration of, and the potential impacts from, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine remain uncertain, 
including, but not limited to, on economic conditions, supply-chain disruptions, asset valuations, interest and 
exchange rates. Certain sanctions developments that limit trade with Russia may negatively impact the business 
models of some of the Group’s clients, which may result in a material negative impact on such clients, potentially 
resulting in higher risk costs for the Group. The Issuer does not have direct exposure to customers in Ukraine or 
Russia, however, it will continue to monitor and manage the impact of the ongoing conflict. At the level of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries, there is limited transactional activity (approximately 0.002 per cent. in total volume of 
transactions) with customers with links to Russia (persons with long-term Romanian residence permit or Romanian 
dual citizenship), which is being continuously and extensively monitored and managed with a view to reducing 
and, where possible, eliminating it, in consultation with the relevant authorities, where appropriate. Failure to 
manage indirect exposure appropriately or the introduction of secondary sanctions against countries or corporates 
may have negative economic consequences or directly affect risk costs of the Group. Moreover, increased 
instability in the Republic of Moldova may also have a material adverse effect on the BT Group business in the 
Republic of Moldova.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
 
Prolonged conflict, escalation, further increases in energy prices would adversely impact the global, European and 
Romanian economies, resulting in a worsening of the macro-financial climate, higher inflation and lower economic 
growth and possibly recession. Any failure by the Issuer to mitigate the impact of the events may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position and/or prospects.  
Sovereign debt levels of Member States 
The EU financial markets and broader international debt markets could be impacted by concerns over sovereign 
debt levels of Member States, requirement for support of the banking system and speculation about the stability of 
the EU, thereby disrupting debt markets and resulting in an increase in the volatility of bond yields of the debt of 
Member States thereby potentially adversely impacting on the value of bond positions held by the Issuer. This 
could also result in an increase in sovereign borrowing costs and a consequent increase in banks’ funding costs, 
including for the Issuer which would adversely impact profitability, capital position, liquidity, as well as having a 
potentially adverse impact on the Issuer’s business. 
Dislocations and liquidity disruptions in EU financial markets or elsewhere 
Any period of unpredictable movements, severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the financial markets in 
the EU or elsewhere, as seen in early August 2024 when major European indexes recorded significant one-day 
losses, could lead to a reduction in the demand for some of the Issuer’s banking services and products and may 
also impede the Issuer’s ability to raise capital or funding. This could result in, among other things, the issuance 
of capital and funding of different types or under less favourable terms than otherwise would have been issued or 
realised, or the incurrence of additional or increased funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a 
more stable market environment. These impacts could adversely affect the Issuer’s net interest income position 
and, therefore, its financial performance which, eventually, may impair its ability to lend to customers. 
Financial institutions interdependency and systemic risk  
Financial institutions have a high level of interdependence as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other 
relationships between them. As a result, a default or threatened default or concerns about a default or threatened 
default by one systemic institution could affect other institutions and lead to significant market-wide liquidity 
difficulties and financial losses for other financial institutions. It may even lead to the risk of experiencing strong 
systemic events, among which defaults of other financial institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as 
"systemic risk". A systemic risk event may also have a material adverse effect on other financial intermediaries, 
such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, to which the Issuer is exposed. The 
occurrence of any such event could impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the 
failure of a market participant to meet its payment, clearing, and settlement obligations can have a material impact 
on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead to systemic disruption. Further, systemic risk could lead to a need 
for the Issuer as well as other banks in the market in which the Issuer operates to raise additional capital, while at 
the same time making it more difficult to do so. Systemic risk could therefore have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, liquidity or prospects.  
Regulatory changes related to interest rates 
Various regulatory authorities (for example, the National Bank of Romania (the "NBR")) or governments may 
introduce new requirements or ceilings in relation to the interest rates that the Issuer charges for lending. In July 
2024, the NBR decreased its policy rate to 6.75 per cent., followed by another decrease in August 2024 to 6.50 per 
cent. These consecutive cuts were driven by a reduction in inflation and continued concerns over economic growth, 
as the NBR aimed to balance the need for economic stimulus with the risks of ongoing inflationary pressures. A 
material decrease in interest rates for lending, without a comparable decrease in funding and capital costs for the 
Issuer, could adversely impact the profitability of the Issuer. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects and, in particular, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer faces intense competition, which could result in decreases in the number of current and potential 
customers, revenue margins and profitability. 
The Issuer is in competition with a large number of financial institutions, of both international and local calibre 
(banks with both retail and business clients as well as other non-banking financial institutions and providers of 
other financial services, such as payment service providers and e-money issuing institutions which are active in 
the Romanian financial services sector) and such competition is expected to intensify further with new entrants to 
market. Moreover, fintech companies are competing directly with traditional banking institutions and remain 
attractive to the existing and potential customers of such institutions by providing enhanced customer experience 
in a fully digital environment for certain banking and related products and services. Increased competition may 
encourage the Issuer’s current clients, as well as prospective clients, to use the services and products of the Issuer’s 
competitors and, consequently, adversely affect the Issuer’s business volumes, revenues and profitability. In 
particular, the majority of the Issuer’s competitors in the Romanian banking sector are part of larger international 
financial groups, such as the local subsidiaries of Erste Group (Banca Comercială Română S.A., "BCR"), Société 
Générale (BRD – Groupe Société Générale S.A., "BRD"), Raiffeisen (Raiffeisen Bank S.A., "Raiffeisen"), 
UniCredit (UniCredit Bank S.A., "UniCredit"), which on 12 June 2024 was granted approval by the European 
Commission to merge with Alpha Bank Romania S.A, ING (ING Bank N.V. Amsterdam Sucursala Bucureşti, 
"ING") etc. Due to their international presence, such competitors might seem more attractive for clients, 
particularly for institutional clients or local subsidiaries of multinational companies which are clients of the banks 
and other entities providing financial services within the territory of Romania of the respective international 
financial groups. In addition, in the context of the development of the Romanian financial services market in recent 
years, local financial institutions (e.g. CEC Bank S.A., "CEC") have also gained market shares. 
The Issuer’s current competitors, as well as other competitors that may enter the market in the future, may enjoy 
certain competitive advantages that the Issuer does not, such as having greater economies of scale as part of an 
international financial group, access to enhanced financial and non-financial resources and portfolios, access to 
advanced technological know-how and operational resources, more diversified product offerings in certain 
business lines, better coverage of several markets and/or market segments, more experienced personnel resources, 
greater brand name recognition and more long-lasting relationships with all stakeholders to the financial market 
and clients.  
The Issuer’s success depends on its capacity to maintain high levels of loyalty among its customer base and to 
offer a wide range of competitive and high quality products and services to its customers. Nevertheless, high levels 
of competition may result in an inability to maintain high loyalty levels of the Issuer’s customer base, in providing 
competitive products and services, or of maintaining high customer service standards, each of which may adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The competitiveness of the 
Issuer in the current market environment will depend largely on its capacity to constantly and quickly identify, 
understand and adapt to the market’s new developments, preferences, restrictions and tendencies. To the extent 
the Issuer will not be able to remain competitive in the markets in which it operates, this may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business volumes, financial performance and prospects. 
The Issuer has a relatively large exposure to Romanian government bonds in its asset structure, leading to 
increased single sovereign interest rate risk on earnings and capital. 
The Issuer carries a significant part of its assets in its investment portfolio and most of the investment portfolio is 
held in Romanian sovereign bonds. This represents a relatively concentrated position against one sovereign state, 
increasing the link between sovereign and banking health. In this context, a changing interest rate environment 
could add volatility to the Issuer’s earnings profile and capital position. Part of such volatility could come from 
changes in the Issuer’s interest income as bonds mature and reinvestment yields differ from those of maturing 
debt. Another source of volatility and impact on capital could come from revaluation of government bond 
instruments in light of changing market rate levels. Depending on accounting methodology, this could impact 
equity through the profit and loss statement or directly through other comprehensive income.  
The Issuer may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer derives the majority of its operating income from net interest income and is exposed to interest rate 
risk. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, such as inflation, monetary policies 
set by the NBR and by the Romanian government, monetary policy decisions of the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) in connection with the EUR, the liberalisation of financial services, increased competition, as well as 
domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions. Following the NBR's decrease in its policy 
rate to 6.75 per cent. in July 2024 and further to 6.50 per cent. in August 2024, the Issuer faces continuous pressure 
on its net interest margin. Evolution of the nominal and/or real level of interest rates can affect the spread between 
the rate of interest that a financial institution pays to borrow funds from its depositors and other lenders and the 
rate of interest that it charges on loans it extends to its customers or that remunerates its financial investments. The 
current environment of rate reductions and potential narrowing of credit spreads may impact the financial results 
of the Issuer. Moreover, a mismatch in the structure of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any 
given period could, in the event of further changes in interest rates, reduce the Issuer’s net interest margin and 
have a material adverse effect on its net interest income and its equity and, consequently, its business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. The Issuer has established a set of strict principles for managing 
and monitoring this type of risk to minimise the possible negative impact on net income, as well as to preserve the 
economic value of the equity under the conditions of adverse fluctuations of the interest rates.  
Any decrease in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties could adversely affect the 
Issuer's business.  
The Issuer is, and will in the future continue to be, exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from 
a counterparty being unable to meet its contractual obligations to the Issuer in respect of loans or other financial 
transactions. This risk includes counterparty default risk (due to, for example, insolvency, bankruptcy, lack of 
liquidity, global or local economic issues, operational failure), concentration risk, cross border transfer risk, credit 
quality deterioration risk and collateral value deterioration risk. Credit risk arises from loans and advances to 
customers and from certain other financial transactions, such as those entered into by the Issuer with financial 
institutions, sovereigns and other public institutions. Credit facilities can be largely grouped into the following 
categories: cash advances (e.g. loans, overdrafts, revolving credit facilities and bonds), associated commitments 
and letters of offer, credit related contingent facilities (issuing of guarantees / performance bonds / letters of credit), 
derivative instruments and settlement lines. The Issuer has exposures to residential mortgages, retail borrowers, 
small and medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and corporate borrowers in different sectors, exposures that, to 
various extents, are backed by hard collaterals (commercial property, residential property and pledges on other 
assets) and/or other guarantees (pledges on current accounts, corporate or State guarantees for example). 
In line with regulatory requirements and accounting standards, the Issuer evaluates the need for and allocates credit 
risk provisions on its balance sheet to cover expected losses on its loan portfolio. Provisions are determined by 
updating cash flows using an update rate that reflects the amount of time the financial resources are committed to 
the Issuer's activity. This process is critical to protecting the Issuer’s results and financial condition, requires 
complex judgements and calculations, including forecasts of how changing macroeconomic conditions might 
impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans, the value of collateral considered when computing the credit 
risk provisions and other professional judgements. There is a risk that the Issuer fails to adequately identify the 
relevant factors or accurately estimate the impact and/or magnitude of identified factors, which could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Further, there is a risk that borrowers are unable to meet their commitments as they fall due as a result of borrower 
specific circumstances, macro-economic factors or other external factors, including the military conflicts in 
Ukraine and Israel. The risk of counterparty defaults has historically been higher during periods of economic 
downturns. The risk is increased for customer loans in currencies other than the local currency of the customer’s 
jurisdiction, i.e. certain retail and corporate clients of the Issuer have taken out loans which are denominated in 
currencies other than their relevant local currencies (such as EUR, GBP, CHF, USD etc.) ("FX loans"). As the 
value of the local currency may decline versus the foreign currencies of such loans, as occurred in certain CEE 
countries during the economic downturn, the effective cost of the foreign currency denominated loan to the local 
customer may increase substantially, which can lead to delinquent payments on customer loans, migration of 
previously highly-rated loans into lower rated categories and, ultimately, increases in non-performing loans 
("NPLs") and impairment charges.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
 
The failure of borrowers to meet their commitments as they fall due may result in higher impairment loss 
allowances or a negative impact on fair value in the Issuer’s lending portfolio. A deterioration in borrower credit 
quality and the consequent increase in impairments could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Deterioration in the quality of the Issuer’s credit portfolio and increases in NPLs may also result in increased risk 
costs for the Issuer. The Issuer’s risk costs are based on, among other things, its analysis of current and historical 
probabilities of default, loss given default rates, loan collection, work-out and recovery methods and the valuation 
of underlying assets and expected available income of clients, as well as other management assumptions. The 
Issuer’s analyses and assumptions may prove to be inadequate and might result in inaccurate predictions of credit 
performance. 
The Issuer seeks to maintain an NPL coverage ratio that, in management’s judgement, is appropriate to cover 
potential credit losses. However, there can be no assurances that the current NPL coverage ratio will not decline 
in the future, that annual risk costs will not increase or that the NPL coverage ratio will prove to be sufficient or 
that the Issuer will be successful in its efforts to estimate the financial effects of any NPL portfolio disposals on 
its business.  
In addition, the Issuer’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised or is 
liquidated at prices below the level necessary to recover the full amount of the loan or cover the full amount of 
derivative exposure. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by the Issuer also involve 
transactions with financial services counterparties. A weakness or insolvency of these counterparties may impair 
the effectiveness of the Issuer’s hedging and other risk management strategies. The Issuer will incur losses if its 
counterparties default on their obligations. If a higher than expected proportion of the Issuer’s counterparties 
default, or if the average amount lost as a result of defaults is higher than expected, actual losses due to counterparty 
defaults will exceed the amount of provisions already taken and results of operation will be adversely affected. If 
losses due to counterparty defaults significantly exceed the amounts of the Issuer’s provisions or require an 
increase in provisions, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Each of the above factors has had in the past and could have in future periods a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and capital base. 
Economic conditions may also deteriorate (see the risk factor entitled "The Issuer’s business and financial 
performance has been and will continue to be affected by economic conditions, in particular, in Romania, but also 
in Europe, Republic of Moldova and globally") in the Issuer’s main market (Romania), which may lead to, amongst 
other things, counterparties and borrowers experiencing an adverse financial situation, declines in values of 
collateral (including residential and commercial property values) and investments, increases in unemployment 
levels, weak consumer and corporate spending, declining corporate profitability, declining equity markets and 
bond markets and an increase in insolvencies. This may give rise to deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers and counterparties and increased difficulties in relation to the recoverability of loans and other amounts 
due from such borrowers and counterparties, resulting in significant increases in the Issuer’s impaired loans and 
impairment loss provisions.  
The completion of mergers and acquisitions ("M&A") transactions may not always yield the anticipated benefits 
and could introduce specific risks to the Issuer, such as challenges related to integration, elevated operating 
costs, and unforeseen due diligence issues 
The Issuer’s strategic growth plan encompasses expanding its business activities and customer base through the 
acquisition of targets within the financial sector. However, the Issuer’s engagement in M&A activities inherently 
carries risks that could affect its overall performance and stability. 
The successful integration and management of acquired entities are contingent upon several factors, including the 
scale of the acquired businesses, the competency of their management teams, the nature and geographical 
dispersion of their operations, and the overall complexity of integration. The Issuer may face unexpected and 
significant obstacles in executing potential transactions, such as heightened demands on management resources, 
increased integration costs, or unforeseen due diligence challenges. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
 
completion of ongoing transactions or of any future acquisition will generate sufficient benefits to justify the 
associated costs. 
Additionally, issues arising post-integration could adversely impact the quality of services or reduce profitability, 
which may, in turn, materially and negatively affect the Issuer’s business prospects, financial condition, and 
operational results.  
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations.  
A significant portion of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in EUR. 
The Issuer translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and 
gains/losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to RON in preparing its financial statements. Although the Issuer 
complies with appropriate limits and performs measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, fluctuations in the 
rate of exchange of such currencies into RON may have a negative impact on the Issuer's reported consolidated 
results of operations and financial position.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk that liquidity may not be readily available. 
The Issuer, similar to other credit institutions in the Romanian market, relies on customer deposits to meet a 
substantial portion of its funding requirements. Although an important part of the Issuer’s deposits are 
(preponderantly term) retail deposits, customer deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Issuer’s 
control, and the Issuer can provide no assurances that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within 
a short period of time. Because a significant portion of the Issuer’s funding comes from its deposit base, any 
material decrease in deposits could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s liquidity unless corresponding actions 
were taken to improve the liquidity profile of other deposits or to reduce liquid assets, which may not be possible 
on economically beneficial terms, if at all. 
As credit provider, the Issuer is exposed to market liquidity risk, which arises from an inability to easily sell an 
asset because there is inadequate market liquidity or market disruption. The Issuer is also exposed to funding 
liquidity risk, which is an exposure to losses arising out of a change in the cost of refinancing, or from a spread 
over a certain horizon and confidence level, or from insolvency of counterparties, which may result in difficulties 
in meeting future payment obligations, either in full, on time or on economically beneficial terms. 
Credit and money markets worldwide have experienced and continue to experience a reluctance of banks to lend 
to each other because of uncertainty as to the creditworthiness of the borrowing bank. Even a perception among 
market participants that a financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk may cause significant damage 
to the institution, since potential lenders may require additional collateral or other measures that further reduce the 
financial institution’s ability to secure funding. This increase in perceived counterparty risk has led to further 
reductions in the access of the Issuer, along with other banks, to traditional sources of liquidity, and may be 
compounded by further regulatory restrictions on funding and capital structures as well as calculation of regulatory 
capital and liquidity ratios. 
If the Issuer has difficulty in securing adequate sources of short and long term liquidity or if it were subject to 
material deposit outflows, this would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
Weaknesses or failures in the Issuer’s processes and procedures, external events or other operational risks are 
a risk to the Issuer’s business. 
The Issuer’s businesses are dependent on its ability to process and report, accurately and efficiently, a high volume 
of complex transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, and subject to a number of different 
legal and regulatory regimes. Operational risks are inherently present in the Issuer’s businesses including as a 
result of potentially inadequate internal processes (including financial reporting and risk monitoring processes), 
IT or equipment failures or the failure of external systems and controls outside of the Issuer’s control or from 
people-related or external events. The Issuer’s risk controls and frameworks (that are subject to ongoing review 
and enhancement) or loss mitigation actions implemented may not be effective in controlling each of the

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
 
operational risks faced by the Issuer. The Issuer’s operational risks and any weaknesses in the Issuer’s risk controls 
or frameworks could expose the Issuer to customer redress, administrative actions or sanctions, potential loss of 
customers, and the potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital and could result in a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as reputational 
damage which could exacerbate such adverse impact. 
Fraud 
The Issuer faces the risk of internal fraud (including financial fraud and/or theft) carried out by employees or 
officers of the Issuer. This may be generated by lack of adequate segregation of responsibilities or inappropriate 
levels of access to systems being accorded to individuals internally, providing them with knowledge that facilitates 
fraud could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or potential loss of customers. This could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's results and on its ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve 
organisational objectives. 
The Issuer faces the risk of external fraud, being customer or third-party fraud, against the Issuer such as card 
skimming or cloning, which may be caused by human negligence in implementing appropriate prevention 
measures or failure of the Issuer to adapt quickly enough to evolving criminal behaviour.  
Fraud could result in financial losses and thus, have an adverse effect on the Issuer's results. Furthermore, it could 
also result in reputational damage, customer redress, negative customer experience, and/or potential loss of 
customers which may in turn have a further adverse effect on the Issuer's results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives. 
Cyber-attack 
A significant portion of the Issuer’s operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of 
confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex transactions on a 
constant basis. The Issuer stores an extensive amount of information (including personal data) specific to its clients 
(natural or legal persons) for its retail, corporate and governmental customers and clients and must accurately 
record and reflect their extensive account transactions. The proper functioning of the Issuer’s payment systems, 
financial and sanctions controls, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and 
other information technology systems and other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between the 
branches and working points of the Issuer and its main data processing centres, are critical to the Issuer’s operations.  
In addition, third parties with whom the Issuer does business under stringent contractual agreements may also be 
sources of cyber security or other technological risks. Although the Issuer adopts a range of actions to eliminate 
the risks, such as not allowing third party access to the Issuer's systems and operating a highly controlled IT 
environment, unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in 
similar costs and consequences to the Issuer as those discussed above. The risks associated to cyber security and 
other technological risks might generate disruptions that, if persistent, might significantly affect the Issuer’s 
business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
Failure of IT systems 
The Issuer’s computer systems, software and networks have been and will continue to be vulnerable to 
unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, 
unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events. These threats 
may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from 
accidental technological failure. If one or more of these events occurs, it could result in the disclosure of 
confidential client information, damage to the Issuer’s reputation with its clients and the market, additional costs 
to the Issuer (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory penalties, 
sanctions and financial losses, to the Issuer. Such events could also cause interruptions or malfunctions in the 
operations of the Issuer (such as the lack of availability of the Issuer’s online banking systems), as well as the 
operations of its clients, customers or other third parties. Disaster recovery, security and service continuity 
protection measures that the Issuer has undertaken or may undertake in the future may be insufficient to prevent

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
 
losses caused. Given the volume of transactions at the Issuer, certain errors or actions may be repeated or 
compounded before they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs and consequences.  
Moreover, the Issuer has recently finalised integrating, through its collaboration with Microsoft, artificial 
intelligence into its online communications with customers, launching on the Întreb BT platform an AI Search 
functionality based on Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, which provides over 2,000 questions and answers about 
the Issuer's banking service. Although this solution comes with significant benefits, such as increasing search 
accuracy, it may also trigger additional risks resulting from specific AI challenges such as embedded bias, privacy 
concerns, lack of transparency or ethical concerns. In case any such risk occurs, it could result in reputational 
damage, negative customer experience and/or customer redress, which may have a further adverse effect on the 
Issuer's results, business and prospects, as well as on its ability to attract and maintain new customers. 
Data protection 
Handling sensitive customer data represents a significant part of the Issuer’s daily activity, and a leakage of such 
data might violate the applicable laws and regulations. Any other breach of data security, as well as any other 
uncomplete observance of the legislation in force regarding data protection may lead to fines, sanctions, 
reputational damage and other negative effects upon the Issuer. Although the Issuer takes precautions to protect 
customer data in accordance with the applicable privacy requirements, it is possible that there may be data leakages 
in the future. In addition, the Issuer works with service providers or third-parties commercial partners, which may 
not fully comply with the relevant contractual terms and all data protection obligations imposed on them. 
The financial services sector has become increasingly digitalised, automated and online-based in recent years, 
increasing the Issuer’s exposure to risks of unauthorised or unintended data release through hacking and general 
information technology system failures. Unanticipated information technology problems, system failures, 
computer viruses, intentional/unintentional misuses, attacks by hackers or unauthorised access to the Issuer’s 
network or other failures could result in a failure to maintain and protect customer data in accordance with 
applicable regulations and requirements and could affect the quality of the Issuer’s services, compromise the 
confidentiality of its customer data or cause service interruptions, and may result in the imposition of fines and 
other penalties. The Issuer is subject to extensive data processing requirements under the General Data Protection 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the breach of which may entail several types of sanctions, including fines of up to EUR 
20 million or up to 4 per cent. of the overall turnover (whichever is higher); in addition, if they have suffered 
damage, the persons concerned may obtain compensation to cover the amount of such damage and their rights 
may also be represented by collective bodies. 
Therefore, should the Issuer violate any applicable data protection laws, it may face fines, claims for damages, 
prosecution of relevant employees and managers, reputational damage and loss of customers and may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, results of operation and financial condition. 
Business continuity plans 
The risk of poor external service delivery, inadequate internal management, or inadequate business continuity 
plans (for example during a global pandemic or in a disaster) of third-party service providers (including 
outsourcing providers) could result in material adverse effects on the Issuer’s business and results of operations, 
reputational damage, potential loss of customers, and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
Modelling risk 
The Issuer uses models and post model adjustments across many business units including key financial and credit 
models. There is a risk that these models may be developed without adequate oversight and testing prior to use by 
the business, or that certain underlying assumptions and post model adjustments are flawed, which could result in 
an adverse impact on the Issuer through inappropriate decision making and reporting thereby resulting in potential 
loss, and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
Failure to keep appropriate documentation, records and archives

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
 
Considering the Issuer is operating in the financial services sector, it is required to comply with documentation 
and record retention requirements, including pursuant to its regulatory obligations. The Issuer could from time to 
time fail to keep appropriate, accurate and regulatory compliant documentation, records and archives, due to 
human error, improper organisation, insufficient digitalisation of systems or naturally occurring events (such as 
fire or flooding). This could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or regulatory penalties. 
Mis-selling financial products and/ or mishandling of complaints 
The Issuer may be subject to allegations of mis-selling of financial products and/or the mishandling of customer 
complaints. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations resulting in reputational damage, customer 
redress, regulatory fines, withdrawal of products and/or potential loss of customers, any or all of which could result 
in the incurrence of significant costs, may require provisions to be recorded in the financial statements and could 
adversely impact future revenues from affected products. 
If the Issuer does not maintain or improve its reputation for the quality of its service, its ability to attract new 
customers and retain existing customers may be harmed, which could adversely affect its business, financial 
condition, results of operation and prospects. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer’s business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract new 
customers depends in part on the Issuer’s brand recognition and its reputation for the quality of service. Negative 
public opinion towards the Issuer or the financial services sector as a whole could result from real or perceived 
practices in the financial sector in general, such as negligence during the provision of financial products or services, 
or even from the way that the Issuer conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its business. Although the Issuer makes 
all possible efforts to comply with the regulatory instructions in force and to increase the positive perception of its 
clients and prospective clients regarding its services, negative publicity and negative public opinion could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to maintain and attract customers, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to tax liabilities. 
In its business activities, the Issuer is required to pay various taxes and contributions, such as profit tax, value 
added tax, various social contributions and others. While the Issuer believes it has paid its taxes when and in the 
amount correctly due, interpretation of applicable rules by tax authorities may differ. In practice, tax inspections 
typically result in tax authorities requiring payment of additional amounts as well as interest and/or penalties. 
Recently, both the Romanian Government and EU institutions have applied significant pressure in relation to taxes 
paid or payable by banks. Whether as a result of such pressure from the fiscal authorities or in the ordinary course 
of business, it is likely that the Issuer will be subject to one or more tax inspections during the term of the Notes. 
The results of such tax inspections may be the imposition of material additional amounts on the Issuer and this 
may have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Please refer to “Description of the Issuer”, Section 23 – “Legal and administrative proceedings” in 
relation to the “Anticipated individual fiscal solutions ("AIFS") and Fiscal Inspection Report (“FIR”)” on 
potential tax liabilities.  
The Issuer is subject to the emerging risks associated with climate change. 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are a developing and growing agenda item for financial 
institutions globally and an increasing focus for key stakeholders including authorities, investors and customers. 
Climate change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing scrutiny by governments, 
regulators and the public alike. These include sooner than anticipated physical risks resulting from changing 
climate and weather patterns and extreme weather-related events, where the Issuer, its customer base and the wider 
economy could be impacted by changes in asset prices, disruption of business activity, as well as transition risks 
resulting from the process of adjustment towards a lower carbon economy, where the Issuer and its customer base 
could be impacted by a range of factors such as changes to consumer behaviour and environmental legislation. 
There is uncertainty in the scale and timing of technology, commercial and regulatory changes associated with the 
transition to a low carbon economy. In particular, governments and regulators may introduce increasingly stringent 
rules and policies designed to achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs and reduce credit

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
 
quality for the Issuer if the Issuer is unable to adapt sufficiently quickly. The manner in which the Issuer assesses 
and responds to these developments and challenges could increase its costs of doing business and reduce asset 
quality, and a failure to identify and adapt its business to meet new rules or evolving expectations could have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, operations and assets. 
The Issuer may be unable to meet internal or external aims or expectations with respect to ESG-related matters. 
ESG is an area of significant and increased focus for governments and regulators, investors, the Issuer’s customers 
and employees, and other stakeholders. As a result, an increasing number of laws, regulations and legislative 
actions have been introduced to address climate change, sustainability and other ESG-related matters, including in 
relation to the financial sector’s operations and strategy (such as the SFDR, the Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 537/2014, Directive 
2004/109/EC, Directive 2006/43/EC and Directive 2013/34/EU, as regards corporate sustainability reporting 
(“CSRD”), EU Taxonomy Regulation and EU Green Bond Standards). These laws, regulations and legislative 
frameworks may directly and indirectly impact the business environment in which the Issuer operates and may 
expose the Issuer to significant risks. 
National or international regulatory actions or developments may also result in financial institutions coming under 
increased pressure from internal and external stakeholders regarding the management and disclosure of their ESG 
risks and related lending and investment activities. The Issuer may from time to time disclose ESG-related 
initiatives or objectives in connection with the conduct of its business and operations. However, there is no 
guarantee that the Issuer will be able to implement such initiatives or meet such objectives within anticipated 
timeframes, or at all. The Issuer may fail to fulfil internal or external ESG-related initiatives, aims or expectations, 
or may be perceived to do so, or it may fail adequately or accurately to report performance or developments with 
respect to such initiatives, aims or expectations. In addition, the Issuer could be criticised or held responsible for 
the scope of its initiatives or goals regarding ESG matters. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on 
the Issuer’s reputation and brand value, or on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
The Issuer may be unable to adapt its products and services to meet changing customer behaviour and demand, 
including as a result of ESG-related matters. 
Customers or other counterparties may increasingly assess sustainability or other ESG-related matters in their 
economic decisions. For instance, customers may choose products or services based on sustainability or other ESG 
criteria, or may look at a financial institution’s ESG-related lending strategy when choosing to make deposits. To 
remain competitive and to safeguard its reputation, the Issuer is required to continuously adapt its business strategy, 
products and services to respond to emerging, increasing or changing sustainability and other ESG-related 
demands from customers, investors and other stakeholders. The Issuer’s current or future products or services may 
fail to meet applicable ESG-related regulatory requirements, customer preferences or investor expectations, which 
may negatively impact sentiment towards the Issuer and its business and operations. 
The Issuer’s hedging strategies may not prevent losses. 
The Issuer may utilise a range of instruments and strategies to hedge risks. Unforeseen market developments may 
have a significant impact on the effectiveness of hedging measures. If any of the variety of instruments and 
strategies that are used to economically hedge exposure to market risk is not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. 
Unexpected market developments which cannot be correlated with the Issuer’s historical trading patterns may 
adversely affect the effectiveness of these hedging strategies, the results, the operations and the Issuer’s 
perspectives. 
Transactions in the Issuer’s own portfolio involve risks. 
The Issuer may carry out various proprietary activities, including the placement of deposits denominated in euro 
and other currencies in the interbank market. The management of the Issuer’s own portfolio may from time to time 
include taking positions in fixed income and equity markets, both through spot and derivative products and other 
financial instruments. Trading on account of its own portfolio carries risks, since its results depend partly on market 
conditions. Moreover, the Issuer relies on a vast range of reporting and internal management tools in order to be

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
 
able to report its exposure to such transactions correctly and in due time. Future results arising from trading on 
account of its own portfolio will depend partly on market conditions, and the Issuer may incur significant losses 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Issuer may be unable to attract and retain key personnel, directors, managers, employees and other 
individuals without whom the Issuer may not be able to manage its business effectively.  
The Issuer depends on the availability and continued service of a relatively small number of key managers, 
employees and other individuals. These key individuals are heavily involved in the daily operation of Issuer’s 
business and are, at the same time, required to make strategic decisions, ensure their implementation and manage 
and supervise the Issuer’s and the BT Group’s development. The loss of any of these key individuals could 
significantly impede its financial plans, product development, network expansion, marketing and other plans.  
In addition, competition for qualified executives in the Romanian financial services industry is intense. The 
Issuer’s future results depend, in a significant part, upon the continued contributions of its existing management 
and its ability to expand the senior management team by adding highly skilled new members, who may be difficult 
to identify and recruit, especially given the complex process concerning the appointment of senior management 
under the regulatory framework governing Romanian financial institutions. If any of the Issuer’s senior executives 
or other key individuals ceases their employment or engagement, the Issuer’s business, prospects, results of 
operation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.  
The Issuer may be exposed to strategic risk. The Issuer may undertake future acquisitions on an opportunistic 
basis.  
Strategic risk is the current or future risk for profits and capital to be negatively affected by changes in the business 
environment, by unfavourable business decisions, improper implementation of decisions or poor adaptability to 
changes. In order to ensure effective strategic risk management, the Issuer conducts regular reassessments of its 
business strategy, draws up plans for the introduction of new business lines, products and services, for the 
expansion of existing services and for infrastructure consolidation. 
Moreover, the Issuer undertakes and may undertake, on an opportunistic basis, additional acquisitions in the future 
in the existing business lines of the Issuer or in other complementary businesses (with the view to integrate the 
respective business lines in the Issuer’s activity). However, the estimated financial effects of any such transactions 
on the Issuer’s business may not be achieved. In addition, acquisitions may divert management attention or 
financial or other resources away from the existing business of the Issuer or require additional expenditures. Such 
developments could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
The acquisition of new businesses or assets may be limited by many factors, including availability of financing, 
the prevalence of complex ownership structures among potential targets, government regulation and competition 
from other potential acquirers. If acquisitions are made, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to 
maintain the customer base of businesses it acquires, generate expected margins or cash flows or realise the 
anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, including growth or expected synergies. The analyses conducted in 
relation to potential acquisition targets are subject to a number of assumptions concerning profitability, growth, 
interest rates and valuations. There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s assessments of and assumptions regarding 
acquisition targets will prove to be correct, and actual developments may differ significantly from its expectations.  
Even if the Issuer successfully acquires new businesses, the integration of new businesses may be difficult for a 
variety of reasons, including differing management styles and systems, inadequate infrastructure and poor records 
or internal controls. In addition, integrating any potential acquisitions may require significant initial cash 
investments and present significant costs, as well as tax liabilities or regulatory fines. The process of integrating 
businesses may be disruptive to its operations and may cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, such 
businesses or a decrease in its operating results as a result of costs, challenges, difficulties or risks, including:  
(a) realising economies of scale;

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) eliminating duplicative overhead expenses;  
(c) integrating personnel, financial and operational systems;  
(d) unforeseen legal, regulatory, contractual and other issues;  
(e) unforeseen challenges from operating in new geographic areas, as the case may be; and  
(f) the diversion of management’s attention from its day-to-day business as a result of the need to deal with the 
foregoing challenges, disruptions and difficulties.  
Furthermore, even if the Issuer is successful in integrating its existing and new businesses, expected synergies and 
cost savings may not materialise as anticipated or at all, resulting in lower than expected margins. There is no 
assurance that the Issuer will be successful in acquiring new businesses or realising any of the anticipated benefits 
of the companies that it may acquire in the future. If the Issuer undertakes acquisitions, but does not realise these 
benefits, the Issuer’s business, prospects, results of operation and financial condition could be materially adversely 
affected.  
Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer’s credit ratings by an international rating agency could 
have a negative impact on its business.  
Any adverse revisions to the Issuer’s credit ratings for domestic or international debt by international rating 
agencies may adversely impact the credit rating of its indebtedness (including the Notes), the Issuer’s ability to 
raise additional financing via debt issuances and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such 
additional financing is available. Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer’s credit ratings by an 
international rating agency could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
The Issuer may be unable to adapt sufficiently quickly to technology developments.  
Rapidly shifting consumer behaviours and the proliferation of internet, social and device (mobile, tablet) 
technologies are changing the way customers research, purchase and maintain the products and services they 
consume in their day to day lives, and this is reflected in the evolving banking models for consumers and 
businesses, both in Romania and internationally. These developments affect the manner in which customers 
manage their financial affairs and core products (from operating accounts to deposits to credit facilities and wealth 
management instruments). 
Money transmission and data driven integrated services are also forecast to evolve rapidly in the coming years 
with numerous new players entering the payments environment, facilitated by regulatory and market forces such 
as the revised Payment Services Directive (EU) 2015/2366 ("PSD2") which aims to reduce fraud while opening 
up payment markets to new entrants. On 28 June 2023, the European Commission published a draft proposal of a 
payment services package which should replace PSD2. The package is comprised of the following: (i) a draft 
Payment Services Regulation in the internal market, aiming to address all rules concerning payment services 
provider’s activities, and also embedding some requirements from the Regulatory Technical Standards for Strong 
Customer Authentication and Common and Secure open standards of Communication, as well as requirements 
from European Banking Authority guidelines and opinions; and (ii) a draft Directive on Payment Services and 
Electronic 
Money 
Services 
in 
the 
internal 
market, 
that  
will incorporate electronic money institutions as a sub-category of payment institutions and therefore embed, and 
subsequently repeal, the existing Electronic Money Directive (Directive 2009/110/EC). There is a high degree of 
uncertainty with regards to the proposed new framework, and subsequently how and when this will be implemented 
in the EU. 
Analytically driven and customer focused new entrants are changing the way financial services companies are 
approaching their routes to market, service and fulfilment value chains, operating models and core competencies 
so that they remain relevant and compete in the newly consumerised and digital arena.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
 
Although the Issuer’s ability to adapt such technology developments and related regulatory requirements is a 
constant priority for its management and the Issuer has implemented several measures in this direction so far 
(including by re-launching Salt Bank as the first fully-digital Romanian bank), the Issuer may not be able to 
respond to external developments in a sufficiently timely manner, which may negatively affect the Issuer’s results, 
financial conditions and prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to the risk of excessive leverage 
The leverage concept represents the relative value of assets, off balance-sheet commitments and contingent 
obligations to pay, to render a service or to grant real guarantees, inclusive of obligations arising from the financing 
received, assumed commitments, derivative instruments or repo transactions and exclusive of obligations that can 
only be executed during the liquidation of the relevant institution, in relation to the own funds of that institution. 
The Issuer has a cautious attitude towards the issue of leverage related risk, taking into consideration the potential 
increases of this risk as a result of own funds deterioration due to unrealised, expected or incurred losses in 
accordance with applicable accounting regulations. However, the Issuer’s assessments may prove inadequate 
which may in turn negatively affect the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to restrictive debt covenants that may limit its future financing and operations and 
to pursue business opportunities and activities. In addition, the Issuer may not be able to refinance maturing 
debt on terms that are as favourable as those from which it previously benefited.  
The Issuer’s ability to refinance its debt depends on a number of factors, including the liquidity and capital 
conditions in the credit markets and it may not be able to do so on satisfactory terms, including in relation to the 
covenants, or at all. In the event that the Issuer cannot refinance its debt, it may not to be able to meet the debt 
repayment obligations. In addition, the terms of any refinancing indebtedness may be materially more burdensome 
than the indebtedness it refinances. Such terms, including in relation to the covenants and additional restrictions 
on the Issuer’s operations and higher cost of funding, could have an adverse effect on its results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Furthermore, the Issuer’s inability to meet repayment obligations under its existing agreements could, in relation 
to certain agreements other than those entered under the MREL framework, trigger various cross-default and cross-
acceleration provisions, resulting in the acceleration of a substantial portion (if not all) of the Issuer’s debt and 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.  
Derivative transactions may expose the Issuer to unexpected risk and potential losses.  
From time to time, the Issuer may be party to certain derivative transactions, such as interest rate and/or foreign 
exchange swap contracts, with financial institutions to hedge against certain financial risks. Changes in the fair 
value of these derivative financial instruments that are not cash flow hedges, are reported in profit and loss, and 
accordingly could materially affect its reported results in any period. Moreover, it may be exposed to the risk that 
Issuer’s counterparty in a derivative transaction may be unable to perform its obligations as a result of being placed 
in receivership or otherwise. In the event that a counterparty to a material derivative transaction is unable to 
perform its obligations thereunder, the Issuer may experience losses that could have a material adverse effect on 
its financial condition, financial returns and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY MATTERS AND LITIGATION  
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight. Any new 
governmental or regulatory requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and 
leverage could subject the Issuer to increased capital requirements standards and require it to obtain additional 
capital or liquidity in the future. 
As a financial institution, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation, as well as to certain administrative measures 
and policies. Moreover, the Issuer holds an authorisation issued by the NBR, and the NBR and other regulatory 
authorities supervise its activities. Applicable legal provisions address, inter alia, capital adequacy, risk 
management and prevention of money laundering. The fulfilment of these regulations implies substantial costs 
and could significantly limit potential operations. Furthermore, national regulatory authorities have substantial 
discretion in implementing the regulatory framework regarding banks and this discretion has been increasing 
during recent years. Regulations may be imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators in response 
to a financial crisis, and these may especially affect financial institutions such as the Issuer that are deemed to be 
systemically important. These factors could, in different ways, to generate a decrease of the profit margins and to 
an increase in the costs that the Issuer incurs in its activity. 
The Issuer is also required to comply with EU regulations, which are of direct applicability, and with EU directives, 
which have to be implemented in national legislation. Following the financial crisis, the European banking sector 
was faced with (i) increasing competitiveness; (ii) increasing the centralisation of the regulatory acts; (iii) 
increasing market transparency and (iv) movement towards the establishment of a sole regulation and a sole 
supervisory mechanism. These factors could, in different ways, lead to a decrease in profit margins, an increase in 
financing costs and administrative costs etc. 
Moreover, regulatory authorities (particularly the NBR) conduct continuous or periodic analysis regarding the 
Issuer’s operations. If regulatory authorities identify a breach of law, whether or not intentional, different sanctions 
may be applied, including withdrawal of the banking authorisation. As a rule, the NBR has a range of constraining 
measures at its disposal in case of failure to comply with the applicable regulations. The Issuer may, inter alia, be 
put under the special administration of the NBR, a procedure within which the director (in the name of the NBR) 
can, inter alia, negotiate the restructuring of the Issuer’s debts, the suspension of the Issuer’s activity of attracting 
deposits or granting loans, or the sale of assets etc.  
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Issuer resulting 
from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in the Issuer’s compliance with such legislation 
and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Issuer to pursue business 
opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products and services, affect the 
value of assets that it holds, require the Issuer to increase its prices for the services it provides and therefore reduce 
demand for its products and services, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Issuer or otherwise 
adversely affect its business. 
The main regulations and regulatory and governmental oversight that can adversely impact the Issuer include but 
are not limited to the following: 
(a) 
Following the legal and regulatory evolutions, in particular the Basel Agreement for Banking Supervision, 
the Issuer may be requested to comply with higher capital and liquidity requirements and may incur 
substantial costs related to the monitoring and meeting these requirements, as detailed below. 
In June 2011 and January 2013, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") published its 
(final) international regulatory framework for credit institutions (known as "Basel III"), which is a 
comprehensive set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, supervision and risk management of 
the banking sector. On 27 June 2013, the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive IV – "CRD IV") and the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
 
Requirements Regulation – "CRR") transposing (main parts of) Basel III into European law, have been 
published. On 7 June 2019, revised rules on capital and liquidity, i.e., Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") and Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II") have been published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the provisions of CRD IV and CRD V have been transposed 
into the national legislation, while the CRR and CRR II are directly applicable in Romania, without the 
need for national implementation measures. 
The revised rules on capital requirements provides, inter alia: 
(i) 
the leverage ratio requirement imposing institutions to maintain a Tier 1 capital of at least 3 per 
cent. of their non-risk-weighted assets. Furthermore, global systemically important institutions 
("G-SIIs") have to hold an additional leverage ratio buffer on top of the leverage ratio applicable 
to all banks.  
(ii) 
the net stable funding requirement ("NSFR"), which requires banks to ensure that they have 
enough stable and sustainable funding sources to match their exposures, therefore preventing 
liquidity crises.  
(iii) 
a new approach to risk exposure, reflecting the principles of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book ("FRTB") designed by the BCBS.  
In accordance with Article 131 para. (6) of CRD V, the NBR has reviewed on an individual, sub-
consolidated or consolidated basis the other systemically important institutions (‟O-SIIs") which have 
been authorised within the Romanian jurisdiction, based on data available as of 30 June 2021 and has 
identified a number of nine credit institutions which qualify as O-SII, including the Issuer. Based on the 
assessment performed, the NBR has issued Order no. 7/13.12.2021, which stipulates that the Issuer should 
maintain an O-SII buffer of 2 per cent. of risk weighted assets starting with 1 January 2022.  
As per National Bank of Romania Order 12/24.12.2015, as subsequently amended and supplemented, the 
countercyclical capital buffer for credit institutions which have credit exposures in Romania, including 
the Issuer, is set to 1 per. cent of risk weighted assets. 
On 19 June 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 
2024 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-
country branches, and environmental, social and governance risks (“CRD VI”) and Regulation (EU) 
2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending the Capital 
Requirements Regulation as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, 
operational risk, market risk and the output floor (“CRR III”) were published in the Official Journal of 
the EU. Among the numerous changes, the following may prove of particular relevance to the Issuer: 
(iv) 
comprehensive requirements on ESG: CRD VI will now require banks to (i) explicitly take into 
account the short, medium and long term for the coverage of ESG risks in their strategies and 
processes to assess and maintain on an ongoing basis the amounts, types and distribution of 
internal capital, (ii) draw up and implement specific plans, quantifiable targets and processes to 
monitor and address the financial risks arising from ESG factors in the short, medium and long 
term, (iii) provide for specific requirements for strategies, policies, processes and systems 
regarding ESG risks, taking into account their specificities such as their forward-looking nature 
and their distinctive impacts over short, medium and long-term time horizons;  
(v) 
more rigorous methods of assessing customer credit risk, requiring banks to adopt sophisticated 
risk assessment processes for greater accuracy. At the same time, there's an increased emphasis 
on transparency, the bank being required to disclose detailed information about risk exposures 
and capital adequacy, to foster trust and understanding among stakeholders.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
 
Member states (including Romania) have 18 months to transpose CRD VI into national legislation, whilst 
CRR III will apply from 1 January 2025. 
There is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the newly adopted regulatory frameworks, and how 
this will be implemented in the EU. At this stage, it is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding 
the impact of these capital requirements, and how will they affect the Issuer. 
(b) 
The transposition of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD", Directive 2014/59/EU on the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution of credit institutions and investment firms), which entered into force in EU Member States 
as at 1 January 2015 established rules designed to harmonise and improve the tools for dealing with bank 
crises across the EU to ensure that shareholders, creditors and unsecured depositors mandatorily 
participate in the recapitalisation and/or the liquidation of troubled banks. Such mandatory participation 
shall be through the so-called bail-in (and conversion and write down) tool, introduced under the BRRD. 
Under the bail-in tool there is a strict requirement for contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation 
of the failing bank by its private sector investors and creditors, including holders of Notes issued by the 
Issuer, as they occur at the moment the tool is adopted as per a valuation prepared according to art. 36 of 
BRRD. The BRRD imposes a specific "waterfall" as to such burden sharing, starting from common 
shareholders to subordinated debt holders and up to eligible for bail-in senior creditors, while applying 
the "no creditor is worse off" principle, as opposed to the strict hierarchy of claims under the generally 
applicable insolvency proceedings. Certain senior creditors however are ineligible for bail-in (including 
individual depositors with accounts up to €100,000 (the amount covered by the guarantee scheme)). 
BRRD has been modified by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"). 
The BRRD has been implemented in Romania into national law by Law no. 312/2015 (the "Recovery 
and Resolution Act") on recovery and resolution of credit institutions, which entered into force in 
December 2015. Further, in order to transpose the provisions of BRRD II, the Recovery an Resolution 
Act was amended by way of Law no. 320/2021 amending and supplementing Law no. 312/2005 regarding 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as well as amending and 
supplementing certain laws in the financial field. When a credit institution is assessed as failing or being 
likely to fail, resolution authorities have a set of instruments and measures for the orderly restructuring of 
those credit institutions, which ensure that shareholders and creditors bear losses, in line with a previously 
established resolution plan, thereby ensuring the continuity of critical functions. In addition, institutions 
have to meet, at all times, minimum requirements of own funds and of eligible liabilities ("MREL") set 
by the resolution authority on a case-by-case basis and shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and 
eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of total risk exposure amount (TREA) and total exposure 
measure (TEM) of the institution. The BRRD as implemented through the Recovery and Resolution Act 
also requires that credit institutions draw up "recovery plans" which set out certain arrangements and 
measures that may be taken to restore the long-term viability of the financial institution in the event of a 
material deterioration of its financial position. The recovery plans are submitted for review by the 
competent authorities who will assess the appropriateness of the plans, taking into consideration the 
appropriateness of the institution’s capital and funding structure to the level of complexity of the 
organisational structure and the risk profile of the institution. 
There is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet these minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, which could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the 
Notes. See "Risks relating to the Offering and the Notes—Regulatory action in the event the Issuer is 
failing or is likely to fail could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes. Apart from potentially 
being subject to resolution tools and exercise of other powers as set out under the Recovery and Resolution 
Act, the Issuer may also be subject to the regime instituted by the general national bankruptcy proceedings 
for credit institutions. 
Legislative changes and initiatives on consumer protection focused on financial and banking regulation that 
might entail retroactive changes to bank-customer arrangements.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
 
There are recent legislative changes and several legal initiatives (some of which are domestic, while others are 
transposing EU directives) that could negatively affect banking activities in Romania. The proposed changes may 
impact certain aspects essential to the Issuer’s business, such as making the transfer of non-performing credit loans 
economically unfavourable, modification of the provisions according to which loan agreements concluded by 
credit institutions qualify as a writ of execution, capping interest rates in relation to consumer loans and enhancing 
the powers of the Romanian Consumers’ Protection National Authority ("ANPC"). 
The above-mentioned effects may be triggered by the legal provisions laid down in the following draft laws: 
(a) 
the draft law to supplement Government Emergency Ordinance no. 50/2010 on credit contracts for 
consumers ("G.E.O. no. 50/2010") (registered with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x nr. 85/2018); 
the draft law proposes, inter alia, the amendment of G.E.O. 50/2010 such that in case of an assignment of 
a claim arising from a credit agreement, the assignee will not be entitled to claim from the debtor more 
than double the price it has paid itself in relation to such an assigned loan receivable; 
(b) 
the draft law on the protection of consumers against speculative assignments of claims (registered with 
the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x nr. 665/2019); the draft law aims to protect consumers against 
speculative assignments of claims made by a financial creditor (i.e., credit institutions, non-bank financial 
institutions or an entity carrying out the activity of debt recovery) to a third party, including an entity 
carrying out debt recovery activities. The assignment of receivables is considered speculative if (i) the 
transfer has no equivalent in a real economic fact or (ii) it is not carried out for reasons of mobilisation of 
commercial receivables, refinancing of the financial creditor or for the provision of financial guarantees. 
In this context, the draft law provides that in case of a speculative assignment of receivables: (i) the 
assignee will be entitled to recover from the consumer only the price it has paid itself in relation to such 
an assigned loan receivable; (ii) the consumer will be entitled to settle the debt by paying the real value 
of the assignment to the assignee. The competent authority to verify the speculative nature of the 
assignment is the ANPC; 
(c) 
the draft law on the protection of consumers against unfair or untimely enforcement (registered with the 
Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 663/2019); aside from the fact that the provisions of the draft 
law are unclear and may be subject to various interpretations, the legal initiative provides that agreements 
or other legal documents used in enforcement procedures (such as credit or mortgage agreements) shall 
no longer be deemed writs of execution by virtue of law. Furthermore, it also stipulates that in the case of 
execution of the "family home", the family has the right not to leave the home for one year after the 
completion of the procedure, in order to be able to find another home within such term; 
(d) 
the draft law on protection of consumers against currency risk in credit agreements (registered with the 
Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 662/2019); the legal initiative stipulates that in order to balance 
and maintain the social utility of the contract, at the consumer’s request, financial creditors are obliged to 
convert the contract’s payment currency into RON or another currency in which consumers obtain their 
incomes. Furthermore, it also provides that the conversion will be made at the exchange rate from the date 
of conclusion or perfection of the contract, plus a maximum variation of 20 per cent. compared to such an 
exchange rate; 
(e) 
the draft law for amending and supplementing Law no. 77/2016 on the datio in solutum of real estate in 
order to settle the obligations assumed through loans (adopted by the Senate and registered with the 
Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 341/2023); the legal initiative provides for the repeal of the 
provisions of the aforementioned law that exclude from its application the loans granted through the 
“Prima Casă” program. Moreover, the legal initiative provides that, where the enforcement procedure has 
been initiated against the debtor by the creditor and the debtor subsequently submits a datio in solutum 
notice, the enforcement costs incurred, as well as the enforcement officer’s fee, will be borne by the 
creditor.  
(f) 
the draft law on protection of consumers (registered with the Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 
776/2022): the draft law seeks to replace the general framework on the protection of consumers regulated 
by Government Ordinance no. 21/1992 on consumer protection, as republished and further amended. 
Among others, the draft law seeks to introduce fines for breaches of the said legislation, which in the case 
of legal entities with a turnover exceeding RON 10,000,000 which are found to include abusive clauses 
in agreements with consumers may range from RON 10,000 to RON 160,000;

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
the draft law to supplement Law no. 193/2000 on unfair terms in contracts concluded between 
professionals and consumers (registered with the Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 446/2023); 
The draft law provides that in contracts between professionals and consumers it is prohibited to fix the 
price in a currency other than the national currency. In this context, a clause providing otherwise would 
be considered abusive. It remains unclear how such provision will be applied in relation to loans granted 
in EUR or other currencies where generally the interest and fees are expressed in the same currency of the 
loans. Similarly, it is to be determined whether current accounts in EUR with fees in the same currency 
will be affected; 
(h) 
the draft law to amend article 95 of G.E.O no. 50/2010 on credit agreements for consumers and article 
135 para. (2) of Emergency Ordinance no. 52/2016 on credit agreements offered to consumers for real 
estate property (“G.E.O. no. 52/2016”) and to amend and supplement G.E.O no. 50/2010 on consumer 
credit agreements (registered with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 723/2023); under the 
current legislative framework, during the enforcement, the charging of interest and penalty interest is 
prohibited. However, this prohibition is only applicable in relation to contracts concluded after the entry 
into force of G.E.O. no. 50/2010 and G.E.O. no. 52/2016. This legislative proposal aims to standardize 
the application of this prohibition also to credit agreements concluded before the entry into force of the 
relevant legislation; 
(i) 
draft law regarding the statute of ANPC (adopted by the Chambers of Deputies and registered with the 
Senate under no. L468/2016). The draft law aims to enhance the powers of ANPC, while also changing 
the sanctioning regime, by introducing the possibility of applying sanctions applicable to the turnover of 
the infringer, compared to the sanctions currently existing in the current legislation; and 
(j) 
draft law regarding the attributions of the NBR in the field of consumer protection of financial-banking 
products and services and for the amendment of certain normative acts (registered with the Chamber of 
Deputies under no. PL-x no. 350/2024), pursuant to which the NBR may become the national authority 
responsible for the protection of consumers of financial and banking products and services, taking over 
the powers of the ANPC in this field. The transfer of power is designed to take place without a substantive 
change in content or manner of exercise, with the NBR taking over and performing all the existing powers 
of the ANPC in relation to financial-banking products and services offered by: (i) credit institutions, (ii) 
payment institutions and specialised account information service providers, (iii) electronic money 
institutions, (iv) non-bank financial institutions, as well as (v) branches in Romania of these entities 
established in other Member States or in third countries operating on the territory of Romania, and (vi) 
agents of the entities referred to in items (ii) and (iii) herein, registered in other Member States, acting 
under the right of establishment and providing payment services in Romania. If adopted by the Chamber 
of Deputies, the legislative proposal is expected to require a transition period of 18 months from 
publication in the Official Gazette, time during which the NBR will organise its activity to accommodate 
the transfer and exercise of new powers. 
The above draft laws (except for the draft law on protection of consumers, registered with the Chambers of 
Deputies under no. PL-x no. 776/2022) provide for retroactive application, in relation to ongoing agreements, in 
particular with respect to ongoing enforcement procedures. The proposed draft laws reiterate provisions which 
have been previously declared unconstitutional, which leads to uncertainty as to their approval in the current form. 
Regarding recently adopted legislation, Law no. 243/2024 on consumer protection regarding the total cost of 
lending and the assignment of receivables provides, inter alia,: 
• 
Interest Rate Caps: For mortgage loans, the effective annual interest rate cannot exceed the NBR lending 
facility interest rate by more than 8 percentage points and for consumer loans, it cannot exceed the NBR rate 
by more than 27 percentage points. 
• 
Total Cost of Credit: The total cost includes all expenses (interest, penalty interest, fees, taxes, etc.) and is 
capped based on the loan amount (i) maximum 1 per cent. per day for loans of up to RON 5,000; (ii) maximum 
0.8 per cent. per day for loans between RON 5,001 to RON 10,000; and (iii) maximum 0.6 per cent. per day 
for loans between RON 10,001 to RON 25,000. In all cases, the total amount payable by the consumer cannot 
exceed twice the loan amount. 
• 
Applicability to Ongoing Agreements: The law applies to existing agreements that are still active. If the 
interest rate or total cost exceeds the set thresholds, consumers can seek reductions through amicable review

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
 
by the creditor (e.g., requesting a reduction, partial termination, rescheduling, refinancing, or giving in 
payment the mortgaged property), judicial procedures or alternative dispute resolution procedures. 
While the law does not apply to credit institutions such as the Issuer, it may affect non-banking financial 
institutions within the Group.  
Romania has also transposed Directive (EU) 2020/1828 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2020 on representative actions for the protection of the collective interests of consumers and repealing 
Directive 2009/22/EC ("Representative Actions Directive"), by way of Law no. 414/2023 on representative 
actions for the protection of consumers’ collective interests. The law gives powers to organisations or public bodies 
with prerogatives in certain domains include in the annex to the law, such as consumer protection, health services, 
transportation, payment services, energy etc. to seek injunctive or redress measures on behalf of consumers through 
representative actions against professionals such as the Issuer. The law does not, however, provide a limitative list 
of the organisations or public bodies with such prerogatives. 
The initiatives and recent legislative enactments presented above may result in significant losses for creditors (such 
as the Issuer and members of the Group), affecting profitability and solvency, and may lead to systemic risks 
becoming manifest. The legislative uncertainty associated with the banking sector also leads to tighter credit 
standards and lower financial intermediation.  
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules and the imposition 
of economic sanctions programmes against certain countries, citizens or entities involve significant costs and 
efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational consequences. 
The Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering, corruption and the financing of terrorism. 
These rules and regulations have been tightened in recent years and may be further tightened and more strictly 
enforced in the future in particular by implementing the fourth anti-money laundering directive (Directive (EU) 
2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council), the national implementation of which is has been 
completed by the adoption of Law no. 129/2019 on preventing and combating money laundering and terrorist 
financing and amending and supplementing certain legislative acts. In recent years, enforcement of these laws and 
regulations against financial institutions in Romania has become more stringent and proactive. Monitoring 
compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism financing and sanctions rules can result in 
a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and can pose significant technical problems. 
Although the Issuer has internal policies and procedures and several monitoring measures designed to ensure 
compliance with the applicable anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism financing or sanctions rules, 
these cannot provide complete assurance that the Issuer’s employees, management members, partners, agents, 
service providers or intermediaries will not take actions in violations of these rules for which the Issuer or another 
member of the BT Group may be ultimately held responsible. The Issuer cannot therefore guarantee that it is in 
compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism financing and sanctions rules 
at all times.  
Any violation of anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-terrorism financing or sanctions rules, or even 
alleged violations, may have severe legal, monetary and reputational consequences and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will satisfy the investment criteria of an investor 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as financing/refinancing Eligible Loans (such 
Notes, "Sustainable Notes"), there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Sustainable 
Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. 
Notes issued as Sustainable Notes Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may apply the proceeds from an issuance of Sustainable Notes to finance or refinance Eligible Loans 
in accordance with its Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer may refer to such Sustainable Notes as "green 
bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds". Such “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainable bonds” have 
been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop 
rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives, including, if applicable, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation"), the EU Green Bond 
Regulation (which will apply starting with 21 December 2024), the SFDR and the mandatory disclosure 
requirements proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 and adopted by the 
European Parliament on 5 October 2023 (the “EU Green Bond Standard”).  
Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of "green", "social", "sustainable" they 
are not necessarily meant to apply to such Sustainable Notes nor will the Issuer necessarily seek compliance for 
any such Sustainable Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or objectives.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of any relevant 
Sustainable Notes, including financing /refinancing any Eligible Loans in accordance with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework will satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements 
or standards such as the EU Green Bond Standard, EU Green Bond Regulation (which will apply starting with 21 
December 2024) or the SFDR or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Loans. Further, no 
assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that the reporting under 
the Sustainable Finance Framework will meet investor needs or expectations. Moreover, in light of the continuing 
development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact 
markets, there is a risk that the principles set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework may (or may not) be 
modified in the future to adapt to any update that may be made to the mandatory applicable legislation. Such 
changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Sustainable Notes issued prior to 
the amendment.  
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any 
third party relating to any Sustainable Notes 
The Second Party Opinion on the Sustainable Finance Framework provides an opinion on certain environmental 
and related considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given 
as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainable Notes. The Second Party Opinion and 
any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability 
of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the 
date it was issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
As such, prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance and reliability of the Second Party 
Opinion and the suitability of Sustainable Notes for investment purposes.  
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" 
(or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
 
respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds  
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Sustainable Notes 
towards the financing or refinancing of Eligible Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Sustainable Finance Framework. However, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will 
be disbursed in whole or in part for such Eligible Loans. Neither can there be any assurance that such Eligible 
Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that any adverse environmental and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Loans.  
None of the Arrangers, or the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible 
Loans or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Notes. Any failure 
by the Issuer to apply the proceeds as contemplated in the Sustainable Finance Framework, any failure to provide 
or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment, any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the 
withdrawal of any such certification or label) or any Eligible Loans ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity 
of the relevant Sustainable Notes will not (a) constitute an event or default under the Sustainable Notes or (b) give 
the Holders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Sustainable Notes. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of relevant Sustainable Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds and 
will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Loans (or any other environmental or similar targets 
set by the Issuer). 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
(which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
Applicable Romanian insolvency and bankruptcy laws, as well as other laws and regulations governing 
creditors’ rights may limit the Issuer’s ability to obtain payments on defaulted loans and advances. 
Romanian bankruptcy and enforcement laws may not offer in all respect the same level of rights, remedies and 
protections that creditors enjoy under the legal regimes in other EU jurisdictions. In particular, Romanian 
bankruptcy and enforcement laws and practice may make it comparatively more difficult and time-consuming for 
the Issuer to recover amounts in respect of its secured and unsecured claims before the Romanian courts. In recent 
years, insolvency in Romania witnessed mixed dynamics, e.g., the number of companies having declared 
themselves insolvent shrank by half, yet this favourable evolution was offset by a larger incidence of such cases 
among large companies. Insolvent companies, as well as the companies reporting net losses, have largely been 
responsible for the worsening payment discipline across the economy. Considering that a significant part of the 
Issuer’s assets are due from debtors and/or secured by assets that are or are likely to be in the future subject to 
Romanian bankruptcy and enforcement laws, the above could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects and its ability to make payment under the Notes. 
Inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may adversely affect the Issuer's business, 
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
The governments in CEE countries, including Romania, may react to economic and financial crises with 
increased protectionist measures. 
The governments in CEE countries, such as Romania, could take various measures to protect the national economy, 
currency or fiscal income in response to financial and economic crises, including among other things:

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
order loans denominated in foreign currencies (such as EUR, USD or CHF) to be converted into local 
currencies at set interest and/or exchange rates, in some cases below market rates or allow loans to be 
assumed by government entities, potentially resulting in a reduction in value of such loans; 
(b) 
set out regulations limiting interest rates and fees for services that can be charged and other terms and 
conditions; 
(c) 
prohibit money transfers abroad by banks receiving state support measures (e.g., loans granted to banks 
from sovereigns or covered by sovereign deposit guarantees); and 
(d) 
introduce or amend laws and regulations, as well as extend measures, previously introduced on a 
temporary basis or apply additional regulatory obligations on financial institutions or which are relevant, 
directly or indirectly, to the banking sector. 
Any of these or similar governmental actions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to fines, awards of damages or other penalties arising from legal proceedings, 
contractual claims and disputes, as well as negative publicity arising therefrom. 
In the context of its day-to-day operations the Issuer is exposed to litigation risk, among others, as a result of 
changing and developing consumer protection legislation and legislation on the provision of banking and 
investment services.  
The Issuer may be adversely affected by other contractual claims, complaints and litigation, including from 
counterparties with whom it has contractual relationships, customers, competitors or regulatory authorities, as well 
as any adverse publicity that it may attract.  
Any such litigation, complaints, contractual claims, or adverse publicity could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, reputation, results of operation and financial condition. Please see "Description of the 
Issuer", Section 23 “Legal and administrative proceedings” for a discussion concerning governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings which may be relevant for the Issuer.  
The Issuer is one of the credit institutions currently under investigation by the Romanian Competition Council 
in relation to the determination of the ROBID/ROBOR reference interest rate and in relation to calculating 
and applying the FICO score, which may result in fines and/or reputational impact. 
In November 2022 the Romanian Competition Council launched an antitrust investigation involving all ten banks 
(including the Issuer) which contribute to the determination of the ROBID/ROBOR reference interest rate.  
Moreover, in September 2023 the Romanian Competition Council launched an antitrust investigation involving 
eighteen banks, shareholders of Biroul de Credit S.A. (including the Issuer) in relation to calculating and applying 
the FICO score, used for determining the creditworthiness of a consumer, in the process of granting consumer 
loans. 
Given the current stage of the investigations, the Romanian Competition Council has not issued its investigation 
reports or any preliminary conclusions, thus there is no indication from the Romanian Competition Council in 
relation to an alleged breach by the Issuer of the applicable competition legislation. However, if the Issuer were to 
be found to have committed competition law breaches, applicable sanctions may have a material adverse effect in 
the Issuer’s reputation and business, as they may include sizeable fines, of up to 10 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
aggregate turnover in the year prior to sanctioning. Even in the absence of any sanctions imposed on the Issuer, 
news of the investigations and potential sanctions applicable to the other credit institutions under investigation 
may trigger a negative public perception with regards to the entire panel of investigated banks, including the Issuer. 
Negative publicity and negative public opinion could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to maintain and attract 
customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operation and financial 
condition.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer is one of the credit institutions sanctioned by ANPC for using misleading commercial practices 
concerning the instalments computing method under loans granted to individuals 
In May 2023, ANPC sanctioned the Issuer, as well as 18 other credit institutions, for using misleading commercial 
practices concerning the instalments computing method applicable to loans granted to individuals, namely by 
structuring the instalments due in the first years of the facility as 75 per cent. interest and 25 per cent. principal. In 
addition to the fine amounting to RON 550,000, ANPC proposed the measure of issuing new reimbursement 
schedules, both for ongoing loans and loans to be granted in the future, where the principal of the loan is paid by 
individuals in equal instalments throughout the credit period. 
The Issuer contested such order in court and, as a result, on 16 June 2023, the Cluj Court of Appeal suspended its 
effects until the final settlement of the disputes concerning the contravention report and the relevant ANPC order 
initiated by the Issuer. An unfavourable court decision determining the validity of the ANPC order and the 
measures imposed thereby may result in additional costs for the Issuer and reputational damage, which may in turn 
affect the Issuer’s results of operation and financial condition.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS IN ROMANIA AS AN EMERGING MARKET  
The economy of Romania is more vulnerable to fluctuations in the global economy than developed markets.  
The economy of Romania is vulnerable to market downturns and economic slowdowns elsewhere in the world. 
The impact of global economic developments is often felt more strongly in emerging markets, such as Romania, 
than it is in more mature markets. As has happened in the past, financial problems or an increase in the perceived 
risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment and the Romanian 
economy could thus face severe liquidity constraints, causing it to, among other things, raise tax rates or impose 
new taxes, with a significant impact on the Issuer’s business, reputation, results of operation and financial 
condition. See "Risks relating to the Issuer — The Issuer’s business and financial performance has been and will 
continue to be affected by economic conditions, in particular, in Romania, but also in Europe, Republic of Moldova 
and globally."  
Romania has undergone substantial political, economic and social change in recent years. As is typical of emerging 
markets, it does not possess the full business, legal and regulatory infrastructures that would generally exist in 
more mature free market economies. In addition, the tax, currency and customs legislation in Romania is subject 
to varying interpretations and changes, which can occur frequently. See "The legal and judicial systems in Romania 
is less familiar with these types of transactions by comparison with other European countries, which makes an 
investment in the Notes riskier than investments in securities of an issuer that operates in a more developed legal 
and judicial system." These issues continue to result in relatively high poverty rates, low standards of living and 
low wages.  
Moreover, Romania has experienced periods with significant political instability. In particular, for the past several 
years, the political environment in Romania has been unstable, dominated by political conflict and under 
significant pressure from massive street protests. Conflicts between the Government, the Parliament and the 
country’s President may lead to further political and social turmoil, which could hinder policy-making, as well as 
slow down economic development and institutional reforms. 
The future economic direction of Romania remains largely dependent upon the effectiveness of economic, 
financial and monetary measures undertaken of its government, together with tax, legal, regulatory and political 
developments. Any potential Issuer’s failure to manage the risks associated with its business in emerging markets 
could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. Any such development may materially adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business, reputation, results of operation and financial condition.  
Corruption could create a difficult business climate in Romania and Moldova.  
Corruption is one of the main risks confronting companies with business operations in Romania and Moldova. 
International and local media, as well as international organisations, have been issuing numerous alerting reports 
on the levels of corruption in these countries. For example, the 2022 Transparency International Corruption 
Perceptions Index, which evaluates data on corruption in countries throughout the world and ranks countries from 
1 (least corrupt) to 180 (most corrupt), ranked Romania in the 63rd and Moldova in the 91st position (2021: 66th for 
Romania and 105th for Moldova).  
Corruption has been reported to affect the judicial systems and some of the regulatory and administrative bodies 
in Romania, which may be relevant for the Issuer’s business and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.  
Increase in borrowing costs of the Romanian government could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
profitability and financial condition. 
The public budget deficit in Romania increased considerably in 2020 as a consequence of the COVID-19 
pandemic. While decreasing in 2021 and 2022, the public budget deficit is still significant and has continued to be 
elevated during 2023 and into 2024, driven by its large structural component. Despite some fiscal tightening 
measures, a failure of the Romanian Government to put in place a credible and sustainable fiscal consolidation 
plan could decrease Romania’s attractiveness for investors. In such a scenario, covering the public funding needs

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
 
(the public budget deficit and the rollover of maturing debt) could be challenging, while the borrowing cost of the 
Romanian Government could increase. A sharp increase in yields of Romanian government bonds would result in 
losses for the Issuer given its holdings of such financial instruments. Borrowing costs in the economy would also 
increase in this case, limiting economic growth and making it difficult for individuals and companies to contract 
new loans or to service their debt, which would have a negative impact on the profitability of the Issuer. 
Romania remains eligible to receive funds (transfers and loans) from the European Commission as part of the EU 
budgets for the periods 2014-2020 and 2021-2027, and as part of the Next Generation EU package. Such foreign 
capital inflows is expected to continue fostering economic potential and economic growth and ensure funding for 
the public investments and for the public deficit. Although Romania had a low absorption rate on programmes 
potentially financeable from EU accession funds, the management and control system for EU funds in Romania 
has been improved and the absorption rate has significantly increased since 2012. For example, as of 30 April 
2024, Romania’s absorption rate was 97.2 per cent. of the total EU budget allocation for the 2014-2020 Cohesion 
Policy. Nevertheless, a failure to fully access and utilize available EU funds, or to access them to a lesser extent 
in the future, may have a detrimental impact on the economy, as it would make the fiscal consolidation process 
more difficult and result in higher borrowing cost in economy and lower overall profitability.  
Indirect taxes (VAT and excises) and direct taxes could be hiked if the fiscal consolidation process fails and the 
Romanian government faces difficulty in covering public funding needs. This would have a negative impact on 
the disposable income and financial position of the individuals and companies, lowering their capacity to borrow 
new money or to repay existing debt. Therefore, revenues of the Issuer could be negatively impacted by an increase 
in taxation aiming to reduce the public deficit. More specifically, in October 2023, Law no. 296/2023 on certain 
fiscal-budgetary measures to ensure Romania's long-term financial sustainability was enacted, that introduces a 2 
per cent. tax on the turnover of credit institutions in the financial years 2024 and 2025 and a 1 per cent. tax on the 
turnover of credit institutions starting with financial year 2026, in addition to the 16 per cent. income tax.  
The failure of the fiscal consolidation process could trigger a downgrade of Romania's sovereign rating to non-
investment grade, making external funding of the country more difficult and more expensive. This would have a 
negative impact on the economic growth, lowering demand for loans and capacity of debtors to repay their debt, 
as well as on the Issuer’s financial results, business and prospects. 
Any downgrade of Romania’s credit ratings by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on 
the Issuer’s business.  
The long-term foreign and domestic currency debt of Romania is currently rated BBB-/A3 by S&P, Baa3/P-3 by 
Moody’s and BBB-/F3 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. (“Fitch”). Any adverse revisions to Romania’s credit ratings 
for domestic or international debt by these or similar international rating agencies may lead to similar downgrades 
to the Issuer’s credit ratings which would materially adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to raise additional 
financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such additional financing is available. 
This could hamper the Issuer’s ability to obtain financing and to service its indebtedness (including the Notes), 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.  
Romania’s difficulties related to its post-accession process to the European Union may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business.  
Romania entered the European Union in January 2007 and continues to undergo legislative changes due to its 
accession to, and its continued integration with, the EU. As part of the accession process, the European Union has 
established a series of measures for Romania in order to fulfil basic EU membership requirements. The European 
Commission was tasked with monitoring Romania’s progress, which it does by issuing annual compliance reports. 
The European Commission's progress reports and follow ups on the Co-operation and Verification Mechanism 
("CVM") are closely following the progress and the issues that need to be further addressed. The report dated 22 
November 2022 assessed progress on the recommendations dated January 2017, as well as the additional 
recommendations dated November 2018. The conclusion of such report is that the progress made by Romania 
under the CVM is sufficient to meet Romania’s commitments made at the time of its accession to the EU and as a 
result the CVM requirements were lifted as of 15 September 2023. Romania still has to continue working 
consistently on translating the remaining commitments specified in the report dated 22 November 2022 into

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
 
concrete legislation and on continued implementation, within the annual Rule of Law Report cycle and with the 
support of other parts of the EU rule of law toolbox. 
If the Romanian authorities fail to translate this commitment into concrete legislative, administrative and other 
measures, Romania could face EU sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on financial operations, 
investments and capital flows in the country, and consequently, on the Issuer's business, prospects, operational 
results and financial position. Such sanctions may take the form, for example, of a temporary suspension of the 
application of relevant provisions governing the relations of Romania with any other EU member state or member 
states or the suspension of member states' obligations to recognise and enforce, under the conditions laid down in 
EU law, Romanian judgments and judicial decisions.  
The legal and judicial system in Romania is less familiar with these types of transactions by comparison with 
other European countries, which makes an investment in the Notes riskier than investments in securities of an 
issuer that operates in a more developed legal and judicial system.  
The legal and judicial system in Romania is less familiar with these types of transactions than those of other 
European countries. Commercial law, competition law, securities law, company law, bankruptcy law and other 
areas of law are relatively new to local judges while such related legal provisions have been and continue to be 
subject to constant changes as new laws are being adopted in order to keep pace with the transition to a market 
economy and EU legislation. Existing laws and regulations in Romania may be applied inconsistently or may be 
interpreted in a manner that is restrictive and non-commercial. It may not be possible, in certain circumstances, to 
obtain legal remedies in a timely manner in these countries. The relatively limited experience of a significant 
number of the magistrates practicing in these markets, specifically with regard to capital markets issues, and the 
existence of a number of issues relating to the independence of the judiciary system may lead to ungrounded 
decisions or to decisions based on considerations that are not grounded in the law.  
In addition to the foregoing, resolving cases may at times involve very considerable delays. The court system in 
Romania is underfunded relative to those of other European countries. The enforcement of judgments may also 
prove difficult, which means that the enforcement of rights through court systems may be laborious, especially 
where such judgments may lead to closure of businesses or job losses. This lack of legal certainty and the inability 
to obtain effective legal remedies in a timely manner may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, and may also 
make it difficult for investors in the Notes to address any claims that they may have.  
Bondholders may be unable to effect service of process or enforce foreign judgments against the Issuer or its 
assets in the jurisdictions in which it operates.  
The Issuer is incorporated in Romania and, while the Notes are governed by English law, they are issued pursuant 
to Romanian law, which may limit the legal recourse investors in the Notes may enjoy against it. Furthermore, the 
terms and conditions applicable to the Notes include a unilateral jurisdiction clause, which may potentially limit 
the applicability of Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Hague Convention) and 
would make the recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment in Romania subject to Romanian civil 
procedure code provisions.  
Romanian law may require additional formalities to be performed or conditions to be met in order to enforce 
judgments against the Issuer that were obtained in foreign courts. The laws of Romania permit an action to be 
brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Romania for the recognition and enforcement of a final and 
conclusive judgment in personam rendered by a court from an EU member state, provided that the relevant 
conditions set forth in EC Regulation No. 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters are met (e.g., provisional, protective measures cannot be recognised 
and enforced under this regulation unless certain conditions are met, such as, the defendant being summoned to 
appear). In addition, other conditions may be applicable with respect to specific matters, under special Romanian 
legislation or international conventions. Similar rules on the recognition and enforcement of foreign court 
judgments apply to judgments issued in non-EU member states which are parties to the 2007 Lugano Convention 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
 
Judgments rendered by courts in the United States and other non-EU member states which are not parties to the 
2007 Lugano Convention, such as the UK, are subject to different requirements and may be more difficult to 
enforce. Subject to special internal legislation (including ratified international conventions) regulating the 
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments on specific matters, Romanian law allows an action to be 
brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Romania for the recognition of a judgment in personam 
rendered by a court of a non-EU member state, provided that the relevant conditions in respect of recognition of 
foreign judgments set out under the Romanian Civil Procedure Code are met. Furthermore, the recognition and 
enforcement of foreign judgments in administrative, customs, criminal or other public law related matters is subject 
to special legislation and certain conditions may need to be fulfilled. Foreign judgements issued in non-EU member 
states, including the UK, which provide for protective measures or for which only a temporary enforcement is 
available cannot be recognised and enforced in Romania.  
The limitations set out above may deprive investors in the Notes of effective legal recourse for claims related to 
their investment.  
2. Risk Relating to The Regulatory Classification of Notes  
Holders are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution powers 
in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall exercise 
the write-down and conversion powers according to the reverse order of priority of claims in bankruptcy 
proceedings (faliment) in the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) Common Equity Tier 
1 ("CET 1") items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT1") instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as Subordinated 
Notes); (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of article 2341 of Law no. 85/2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (the 
"Romanian Insolvency Act") (such as Non-Preferred Eligible Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-in-able liabilities 
(such as Senior Notes or Preferred Eligible Notes) in accordance with the order of the payment of claims in 
bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for in article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, to the 
extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides to apply a 
resolution tool to the Issuer, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or conversion power in relation 
to relevant capital instruments (i.e., CET 1, AT1 and Tier 2 instruments) before applying any resolution tool. 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments or the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, 
the principal amount of Notes may be fully or partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership, 
although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be affected. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and senior unsecured claims have a higher ranking than claims 
resulting from Notes. 
 
According to article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, in bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened over the 
Issuer's assets, the following insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims:  
 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
 covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises which 
exceeds the coverage level provided for in the legislation regarding deposit guarantee schemes; and (ii) 
deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
if they are not made through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such any claims resulting from Senior Notes or Preferred Eligible Notes); and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of article 2341 of the Romanian 
Insolvency Act (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments", such as Non-Preferred Eligible Notes), 
i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
 
derivatives themselves; (iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking towards the ordinary unsecured claims under 
article 234 paragraphs 1 to 7 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. 
In addition, the insolvency hierarchy under the Romanian Insolvency Act stipulates further claims that rank senior 
to claims listed above at point (c) (e.g., claims to expenses regarding the bankruptcy proceedings, budgetary claims, 
employment claims) ("Further Preferred Claims").  
 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from: 
 
(i) 
Senior Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the claims listed in 
points (a) and (b); 
(ii) 
Preferred Eligible Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the claims 
listed in points (a) and (b);  
(iii) 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the 
claims listed in points (a) to (c); and 
(iv) 
Subordinated Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the claims listed 
in points (a) to (d). 
For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from Notes described above would only be made, if and to the 
extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
 
Holders are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or incur further liabilities. 
 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of debt or other liabilities that the Issuer 
may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with Senior Notes or Preferred Eligible Notes 
or pari passu with or senior to Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes. Any issue of such instruments 
and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by Holders upon the Issuer's bankruptcy 
(faliment). 
Holders are exposed to the risk of fluctuation in the Issuer’s capital ratios. 
Stricter regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or any failure to comply with such 
requirements may result in (unscheduled) additional (quantitative or qualitative) capital demand for the Issuer, 
restrictions to make payments on interest, distribution and dividends and/or result in constraints and limitations on 
risk related business and other business of the Issuer; the latter will negatively affect the income and revenues of 
the Issuer. 
Remedies in case of default in respect of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and 
Subordinated Notes are severely limited. 
 
Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes will contain limited enforcement 
events relating to:  
(i) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under Notes. In such circumstances, as described in more 
detail in Condition 7 (Events of Default) of the Conditions and subject as provided below, a Holder may 
institute proceedings in Romania for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or its winding-up or liquidation 
and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in the Relevant Jurisdiction or 
elsewhere. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 7 (Events of Default) of the 
Conditions, a Holder may declare its Notes to be due and payable at their Outstanding Principal Amount 
and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
However, in each case, the Holder of such Note, may claim payment in respect of such Note only in the winding 
up or liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
 
Redemption at the option of Holders is restricted in respect of Subordinated Notes and limited in respect of 
Preferred Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Eligible Notes. 
 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their Subordinated Notes. 
Therefore, prospective investors should not invest in Subordinated Notes in the expectation that they have an early 
redemption right. Holders of Preferred Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Eligible Notes will have the right to call 
for the early redemption of their Notes, provided however, only subject to certain conditions, in particular the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority. Therefore, prospective investors should not invest in Preferred Eligible 
Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes in the expectation that they have an early redemption right. Furthermore, 
Holders of Subordinated Notes and Preferred Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Eligible Notes should be aware 
that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes until their final maturity. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and 
Subordinated Notes is limited.  
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of each Series of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes 
applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, 
for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional 
redemption amount and any other amount (other than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect 
of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of Preferred 
Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction 
applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments 
of principal under any Series of such Notes, Holders would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be 
entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount 
required to be withheld. Therefore, Holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the 
market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result.  
There may be no rights of set-off or counterclaim. 
Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes will not be subject to any set off 
or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. Consequently, holders 
of such Notes shall not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. Holders of such Notes will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-
off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Holders may therefore 
be required to initiate separate proceedings to recover amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a 
lower recovery in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer than if set-off or counterclaim were permitted. 
Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer. 
Unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event that 
the Issuer due to a change in law would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons – Withholding Tax), and (in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible 
Notes and Subordinated Notes), subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the 
Competent Authority or Resolution Authority, as applicable. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and 
Subordinated Notes if the tax treatment for the Issuer in respect of such Notes is negatively altered after the issue 
date (as set forth in Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes 
or Subordinated Notes as a result of a Tax Event)) or if a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation) 
occurs in respect of Subordinated Notes or an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 1 
(Interpretation)) occurs in respect of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes 
(once the whole or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Subordinated Notes has ceased to qualify 
as Tier 2 Capital), which may include a situation where such Notes do not at any time become eligible to count 
towards the Issuer's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a change to the minimum subordination requirements applicable to the Issuer).

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
 
In any such case, the Issuer's ability to effect a redemption will (to the extent applicable) be subject to compliance 
with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority (as 
applicable). These regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD that if Subordinated Notes are to be 
redeemed during the first five years after their issuance, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the event triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issue of Notes and, in the case of a call relating to the tax treatment of Notes, that the adverse treatment is material 
and, in the case of a call relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These foreseeability 
and materiality conditions to redemption contained in CRD only apply to a redemption of Subordinated Notes 
occurring in the first five years after the issue date and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, such as 
Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the fifth anniversary of 
issue, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue. There can therefore be no 
assurances that Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional 
call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances (subject (to the extent applicable) to compliance 
with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority, as 
applicable), the Issuer may choose to redeem Notes at a time when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
In addition, an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they can be redeemed. This may 
also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of any redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a rate of return that is as high as that of the relevant Notes.  
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of Notes. 
To the extent that any Series of Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of Notes, in 
certain circumstances, such as if a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Holders, substitute Notes or vary the Conditions 
in order to ensure such substituted or varied Notes continue to qualify as, or, as appropriate, become, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital or, in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, 
eligible liabilities in accordance with the Conditions, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers).  
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of Notes that are materially less favourable to a Holder of such 
Notes (save to the extent that such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)), there can be no assurances as to whether 
any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such varied Notes could be different for some categories of Holders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Romanian law provisions in relation to Holders’ meetings are untested, which may interfere with customary 
operation of the Notes in unpredictable ways.  
 
As the Issuer is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Romania, certain provisions of Romanian law 
provide for the possibility of Holders’ meetings (adunarea obligatarilor) and Holders’ representatives 
(reprezentantul obligatarilor) in relation to its note’s issuances.  
Under Romanian law, noteholders’ meetings are vested with the following powers (together, the "Romanian Law 
Meeting Powers"): (a) to appoint a noteholders’ representative and one or more deputies and establish the 
remuneration of the noteholders’ representative (the "Noteholders’ Representative Appointment Power"); (b) 
to carry out all acts of supervision and defence of the applicable noteholders’ common interests in relation to the 
applicable notes or to authorise any appointed noteholders’ representative in this respect (the "Common Interests 
Power"); (c) to establish a fund, which may be constituted from any interest payments due to the noteholders in 
respect of their notes, in order to cover the expenses necessary for the defence of the rights of the noteholders and 
establish at the same time the rules for the management and administration of such a fund (the "Fund Power"); 
(d) to oppose any amendment to the articles of association of the Issuer or to the terms and conditions of notes, in

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
 
each case which could adversely affect the rights of the noteholders (the "Amendments Power"); and (e) to 
express a position on the issue of any new bonds by the Issuer (the "Bond Opinion Power"). Romanian law also 
requires that certain statutory minimum quorum and voting thresholds be met in connection with the exercise of 
these powers. Under the statutory minimum thresholds, with respect to an exercise of the Noteholders’ 
Representative Appointment Power, the Common Interests Power and/or the Fund Power, at least a majority of 
the votes cast at a noteholders’ meeting must be cast in favour of such exercise, provided that such votes cast in 
favour also represent at least one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding (which in effect 
permits exercise of the Noteholders’ Representative Appointment Power, the Common Interests Power and/or the 
Fund Power with the support of as little as one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding). 
With respect to an exercise of the Amendments Power and/or the Bond Opinion Power, at least 80 per cent. of the 
votes cast at a noteholders’ meeting must be cast in favour, provided that a quorum of two-thirds of the notes 
outstanding was initially present.  
Certain of these Romanian Law Meeting Powers, and/or the statutory minimum thresholds at which they may be 
exercised, differ from the rights, duties, powers, authorities or discretions that are customarily provided for in 
indentures and related documents for offerings of instruments similar to the Notes and/or from the specified 
thresholds or circumstances under which the latter may customarily be exercised or performed. Moreover, the 
relevant provisions of Romanian law are unclear and untested and unfamiliar to the Romanian courts, which creates 
significant uncertainty in relation to the ways in which such provisions may eventually be applied or enforced in 
practice. Consequently, it is possible that the Romanian Law Meeting Powers could interfere with the customary 
exercise or performance of rights, duties, powers, authorities or discretions in indentures and related documents 
for offerings of instruments similar to the Notes in unpredictable ways. For example, although there is no relevant 
precedent, under the statutory minimum thresholds, resolutions that may be adopted pursuant to the Romanian 
Law Meeting Powers by holders of as little as one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding 
could potentially be used to initiate enforcement proceedings. Conversely, although there is no relevant precedent, 
under the statutory minimum thresholds, resolutions that may be adopted pursuant to the Romanian Law Meeting 
Powers by holders of as little as one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding could 
potentially seek to block the exercise of powers that, under typical provisions, would customarily be permitted to 
holders of notes representing a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding or to 
individual holders of notes. Further, although there is no relevant precedent, it expects that holders of the relevant 
notes would not, under Romanian law, be permitted to institute legal action in Romanian courts to the extent such 
legal action is contrary to a resolution of a duly convened noteholders’ meeting.  
3. Risks relating to the interest feature of Notes 
Interest Rate Risks. 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the 
interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate or CMT Rate and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could 
be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate. The 
Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes may be less favourable than the 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, which 
may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing international, national and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past, disappear 
entirely or declared unrepresentative, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
(such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed to be equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable) could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of a benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable). Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of the benchmark. 
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement — SOFR) is not applicable, 
if the Issuer (in consultation with the Determination Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for 
the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 
5(g) (Benchmark Replacement — Independent Adviser)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or 
cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, 
provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
the further fallbacks described in the Conditions shall apply. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if 
applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect 
not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is 
presented with a conflict of interest.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR) is applicable, if 
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as 
defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the then-current Benchmark will be replaced by a Benchmark 
Replacement (determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions) for all purposes relating to the relevant 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. The Issuer 
will have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) a Benchmark Replacement and, if 
applicable, a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
could have been made on Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form.  
The Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment pursuant to Condition 5(g) 
(Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR) of the 
Conditions if to do so could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of Notes as, in the case of 
Preferred Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity or, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
 
in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on 
the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms and/or risks arising from 
the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
rate ("SONIA") and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as an alternative to interbank rates such as Sterling or U.S. dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative reference rates based 
on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term), or different measures of such 
alternative reference rates. The development of SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been 
used in SONIA and SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such 
as Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
rates that are more widely used. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with Notes. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and 
SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas interbank offered rates such as 
LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that interbank offered rates and SONIA or SOFR may behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to interbank offered rates 
such as LIBOR (which is an unsecured rate).  
The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any 
hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, the interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined at the 
end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
 
to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR become due and payable as a result of any of the 
events described in Condition 7 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be 
determined immediately prior to the date on which Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or 
discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. There can be no 
guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant rate. In particular, the 
Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA (or the SONIA 
Compounded Index) and SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) respectively, may make methodological or 
other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or their related indices, including changes related 
to the method by which SONIA or SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR or a related 
index. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or 
SOFR or a related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on Notes will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR or a related index. 
4. Risk Relating to the nature of Notes  
Noteholders are subject to market volatility. 
Holders should be aware that the secondary market for Notes and instruments of this kind may be illiquid due to, 
among other things, the disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets that have continued through recent 
years. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. Consequently, a Holder and an owner of 
beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear the economic risk of their investment in Notes for the terms 
of Notes, as they cannot be certain of being able to realise their investment, or to do so at favourable prices, during 
the lifetime of Notes. 
There is no active trading market for Notes. 
Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been made to the Central 
Bank for Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin there 
can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, 
or that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. If Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer.  
Notes are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of Notes issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A holder's ability to receive payment 
under Notes is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which in turn is dependent upon 
the development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of its operations. 
The Conditions may be changed. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at or prior to the time of issuance of such Tranche and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, subject to being 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Tranche. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders, for convening 
meetings of the Holders of any Tranche to consider matters affecting their interests. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Holders, including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or 
Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Issuer has the right to correct manifest errors in the Conditions without the Holders consent. 
Notes with integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Holders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than a 
multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), 
however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Holders of 
Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered 
Notes (together the "Global Notes") (as the case may be). Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, Holders will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or, in 
the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, Holders will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and their participants. 
While Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on Notes; and (3) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Note. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Romanian domestic legislation may change so interest payments on Notes may no longer benefit from currently 
applicable withholding tax exemption.  
As per Romanian domestic legislation, there is no withholding tax obligation for the Issuer in respect of interest 
paid to Romanian tax resident entities.  
 
Moreover, for interest obtained by tax non-resident entities, a domestic legislation exemption is provided, as per 
article 229 (1) let. b) of the Fiscal Code. As per this domestic exemption, interest on debt securities (such as the 
Notes) issued by Romanian companies is tax exempt if the debt securities are issued under a prospectus approved 
by a competent regulatory authority and the interest is paid to a holder which is non-tax resident in Romania and 
which is not an affiliated person to the Issuer of the debt securities. Otherwise, a 16 per cent. rate would be 
applicable.  
 
Romanian tax law and practice are subject to change. If the aforementioned tax exemption is repealed, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Holders after 
such deduction for or on account of withholding shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable in the absence of such deduction, in accordance with Condition 8 (Taxation).  
Other than the potential additional amounts mentioned in the preceding paragraph (if withholding taxes become 
applicable to interest payments for Notes or in the case of Senior Notes, payments of principal), the Issuer will not 
be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result 
of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Notes and all payments 
made by the Issuer will be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required 
to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
an English language translation of the audited consolidated and separate financial statements and the 
auditors' report thereon and of the notes thereto of the Issuer in respect of the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022 (the "Audited Financial Statements"); 
2. 
an English language translation of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated and separate financial 
statements of the Issuer for the six month period ended on 30 June 2024 (the “Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements”); and 
3. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 61 to 114 of the Issuer's base prospectus dated 24 November 
2023. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at: 
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/aga-en/2024/Consolidated-and-
Separate-Financial-Statements-as-at-December-31-2023/Consolidated-and-Separate-Financial-
Statements.pdf 
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/aga-en/2024/Consolidated-and-
Separate-Financial-Statements-as-at-December-31-2023/Independent-Auditor-Report.pdf 
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/aga-en/2023/Consolidated-and-
Separate-Financial-Statements-for-the-year-ended-31.12.2022/Consolidated-and-Separate-Financial-
Statements.pdf  
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/aga-en/2023/Consolidated-and-
Separate-Financial-Statements-for-the-year-ended-31.12.2022/Independent-auditors-report.pdf 
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/financial-results/2024/1st-
Semester/Interim-condensed-consolidated-and-separate-financial-statements-30.06.2024.pdf 
• 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/corporate-
Governance/EMTN/2023/EMTN-Base-Prospectus.pdf  
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base 
prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Presentation of financial information 
The financial information relating to the Issuer set out in this Base Prospectus is consolidated and separate financial 
information in respect of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the "Group") and has, unless otherwise indicated, been 
extracted from (i) its audited consolidated and separate financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022; or (ii) its unaudited consolidated and separate financial statements for the 
six month period ended on 30 June 2024.  
The Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union and 
with the National Bank of Romania’s Order no. 27/2010 for the approval of the accounting regulations in 
accordance with IFRS, with subsequent changes (“NBR Order no. 27/2010”).  
Unless otherwise indicated, market share data included in this Base Prospectus has been estimated. All such 
estimates have been made by the Issuer using its own information and other market information which is publicly 
available.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier 
supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the ESMA 'Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures'. 
These APMs are not defined by or presented in accordance with IFRS. Other companies in the industry may 
calculate similarly titled measures differently, such that disclosure of similarly titled measures by other companies 
may not be directly comparable with the APMs included in this Base Prospectus. In addition, the APMs are not 
measurements of the Issuer's operating performance or financial condition under IFRS and should not be 
considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
APM 
Definition 
Rationale for use 
Reconciliation 
Net interest margin 
Calculated as net interest 
income 
for 
that 
period 
divided by average interest 
earning assets (cash and 
balances with central banks, 
placements with banks and 
public 
institutions, 
securities, gross loans and 
advances to customers and 
finance lease receivables), 
excluding 
any 
accrued 
interest. Average interest 
earning assets is determined 
based on the beginning and 
end of the year balances for 
separate and consolidated 
basis. 
The 
ratio 
was 
annualised, if necessary 
To show income generation 
ability from risk exposures 
Net 
Interest 
Income 
/ 
Average Interest Earning 
Assets 
NF&C income % average 
consumer deposits 
Calculated as net fee and 
commission for that period 
divided by average customer 
deposits (monthly balances) 
for 
separate 
basis 
and 
average customer deposits 
(quarterly 
balances) 
for 
consolidated basis. The ratio 
was annualised, if necessary 
To show income generation 
level 
from 
non-interest 
income 
that 
does 
not 
consume capital 
Net Fee & Commission 
Income / Average Customer 
Deposits

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
 
Cost to income ratio 
Calculated 
as 
operating 
expense 
(personnel 
expenses, depreciation and 
amortization, 
other 
operating expenses) divided 
by operating income (net 
interest income, net fee and 
commission 
income, 
net 
trading income, contribution 
to 
the 
Bank 
Deposit 
Guarantee Fund and to the 
Resolution 
Fund, 
other 
operating income, net loss 
/gain from financial assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
items 
of 
comprehensive income and 
net loss /gain from financial 
assets which are required to 
be measured at fair value 
through profit or loss).  
To 
show 
operational 
efficiency 
Operating 
Expenses 
/ 
Operating Income 
Cost of risk 
Calculated as Impairment or 
reversal of impairment on 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease receivables, net of 
recoveries divided by total 
gross loans and advances to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease receivables at the end 
of the particular period. The 
ratio was annualised if 
necessary 
To show the quality of 
underwritten business 
Net 
expense 
from 
impairment allowance on 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease receivables / Gross 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
lease 
receivables 
Return on equity ("ROE”) 
Calculated as the net profit 
for 
period 
divided 
by 
average 
total 
equity. 
Average total equity is 
determined based on the 
beginning and end of the 
year balances. The ratio was 
annualised, if necessary 
To show overall profitability 
Net Profit / Average Total 
Equity 
Net loan to deposit ratio 
Calculated as the net loans 
and advances to customers 
divided 
by 
customer 
deposits at the end of the 
period for separate basis 
indicators and net loans and 
advances to customers and 
finance lease receivables 
divided 
by 
customer 
deposits at the end of the 
period for consolidated basis 
indicators 
To show liquidity 
Net Loans and Finance 
Receivables 
/ 
Customer 
Deposits

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
 
Stage 3 Ratio 
Calculated as total Stage 3 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease 
receivables 
before 
impairment 
allowance 
balance divided by Total 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease 
receivables 
before 
impairment allowance at the 
end of the period, on 
separate 
or 
consolidated 
basis. 
To show asset quality in 
terms of problem loans 
Gross Stage 3 Loans and 
Lease Receivables / Gross 
Total Loans and Lease 
Receivables 
NPL Ratio (EBA) 
Determined based on EBA 
methodology and FINREP 
information at the end of the 
period, on a separate basis, 
as 
total 
non-performing 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers divided by total 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers. 
To show asset quality in 
terms of default loans based 
on EBA methodology 
Gross NPLs / Gross Total 
Loans as per the FINREP 
reporting 
Stage 3 Coverage Ratio 
Calculated as allowances for 
impairment losses on Stage 
3 loans and advances to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease receivables divided by 
total Stage 3 loans and 
advances to customers and 
financial lease receivables 
before 
impairment 
allowance at the end of the 
period, on separate and 
consolidated basis 
To show level of risk 
coverage 
Allowance 
for 
Stage 
3 
Loans 
and 
Lease 
Receivables / Gross Stage 3 
Loans 
and 
Lease 
Receivables 
NPL Coverage Ratio (EBA) 
Calculated based on EBA 
methodology as allowances 
for impairment losses on 
non-performing loans and 
advances to customers and 
financial lease receivables 
divided by total Stage 3 
loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
and 
financial 
lease 
receivables 
before 
impairment allowance at the 
end 
of 
the 
period, 
as 
depicted 
by 
FINREP 
information as the end of the 
period, on a separate basis.  
To show level of risk 
coverage 
on 
EBA 
methodology 
Allowance for NPLs / Gross 
NPLs 
as 
per 
FINREP 
information 
Dividend payout % 
Calculated as dividends paid 
as a percentage of net profit, 
on 
a 
separate 
basis, 
attributable to equity holders 
of the Issuer for the period 
that dividends are declared 
from the respective period's 
reserves 
To show capital return to 
shareholders 
Dividends Paid / Net Profit 
on separate basis

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
 
Free shares payout % 
Calculated as free shares 
distributed as a percentage 
of net profit, on a separate 
basis, attributable to equity 
holders of the Issuer for the 
period that free shares are 
declared from the respective 
period's reserves 
To show capital return to 
shareholders 
Free Shares Paid / Net Profit 
on separate basis 
Payout % 
Calculated as the sum of 
dividend payout and free 
shares payout ratios for that 
period 
To show total return to 
shareholders 
Dividend Payout % + Free 
Shares Payout %

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to Notes and the reasons 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus, and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus, and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final 
Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as amended or supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
 
FORMS OF NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Bearer 
Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Bearer Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
 In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to Notes or, if Notes do not have a maturity 
of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 7 (Events of Default) occurs and Notes become due 
and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable 
in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 7 (Events of Default) occurs and Notes become due 
and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, Notes in global form, Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), will be represented by either individual note 
certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a "Global 
Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market 
participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would 
be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal 
and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS 
form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
 
securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 
2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will 
be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then Notes will at 
all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the "Global Registered 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 7 (Events of Default) occurs and Notes become due 
and payable.  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of Notes has occurred and, in either case,

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of Notes" below and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which 
are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to Notes while in Global Form" below. 
The Notes are issued in accordance with the fiscal agency agreement (as amended and/or restated and/or replaced 
from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") dated 24 November 2023 and made between Banca 
Transilvania S.A. (the "Issuer"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch in its capacity as such), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as registrar (the 
"Registrar" and transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”) in relation to any Series of Notes, which expression shall 
include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch in its capacity as such) and certain 
financial institutions named therein in their capacity as paying agents (the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement).  
The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 24 November 2023 (as amended 
and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified 
office of the Paying Agents, following the Noteholder’s prior written request and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). All persons from time to time entitled to the 
benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions 
of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more Tranches, and each Series will be the 
subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which, in either case, completes and (in the case of Exempt Notes only) completes, amends and/or 
replaces these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). In the case of Exempt Notes, any other reference in these 
Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of the relevant Series and any references to Coupons 
and Receipts, both as defined below, are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
References to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these terms and conditions, the "Prospectus Regulation").  
1. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" means has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
 
relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate as a result of the replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or implementing 
acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity then in effect in Romania including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity and/or the implementation of the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive, national laws and regulations implementing the Capital Requirements Directive, the 
BRRD and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive adopted by the Competent Authority, the Resolution 
Authority or any other national or European authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension, moratorium or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Romania, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD or the application of the SRM Regulation and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD, including but not limited to Article 48 of BRRD, 
or the SRM Regulation, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can 
be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
"Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent 
Adviser); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2018/879 of 20 May 
2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, 
the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 98/26/EC, and as may be further amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"Business Day" means (unless varied or restated in the relevant Final Terms) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in London and: 
(i) 
in relation to Notes denominated in euro, which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in any other currency, the Relevant Financial Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to payments due upon presentation and/or surrender of any Notes or Coupons, in the 
relevant place of presentation and/or surrender; 
"Business Day Convention" in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each relevant 
date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; and 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
"No Adjustment" or "unadjusted" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other agent specified as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) and/or principal or interest due in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Competent Authority, 
that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant series of Subordinated Notes ceases or would be 
likely to cease to be included in whole or in part, or count in whole or in part, towards the Tier 2 Capital 
of the Issuer (other than by reason of a full or partial exclusion of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the relevant series of Subordinated Notes arising by reason of any applicable limit on the amount of such 
capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time);  
"Capital Requirements Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, and as may be further 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CMT Designated Maturity" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMT Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such 
Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the CMT Designated 
Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption "treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)", as that yield is displayed on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States 
Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the CMT Designated Maturity as published in the

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
 
H.15(519) under the caption "treasury constant maturities (nominal)" on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reset Determination Date, the Reference Bank CMT Rate on such Reset Determination 
Date; 
"CMT Rate Screen Page" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying "treasury 
constant maturities" as reported in H.15(519); 
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the prudential supervision 
of the Issuer at the relevant time (being at the date hereof, the National Bank of Romania); 
"Conditions to Redemption" means, in relation to any Notes, the conditions to redemption or repurchase 
set out in Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and which are applicable to such Notes; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the Capital Requirements Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, 
which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory 
capital of the Issuer to the extent required by the Capital Requirements Directive or the CRR, including 
for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking Authority 
(or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and as may 
be further amended or replaced from time to time;  
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Issuer (after consultation 
with an investment bank or financial institution determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent (if applicable)) as having the nearest actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, and that (in the opinion of the 
Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice in 
determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (x) that 
day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of February but not the date fixed for 
redemption or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means the agent specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent nor the Calculation Agent shall be expected to act as Determination 
Agent; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date or date of any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 5(d) 
(Interest – Reset Note Provisions) and Condition 5(e)(iii) (Interest – Supplemental Provisions), the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, 
a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of another person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any person for money borrowed including (without limitation) 
any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts borrowed by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts borrowed under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts borrowed under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale 
or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes (as specified in the Final Terms) or 
such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Instalment Amount" means, in relation to an Instalment Note, the amount of each instalment as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms. To the extent that an 
Instalment Amount requires determination, such amount may be determined by a Determination Agent; 
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR)); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or to the extent that such Make Whole Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer 
outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Make Whole Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield 
for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Make Whole Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for the Make Whole Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to 
the Make Whole Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date;

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
 
"Make Whole Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic 
average of the Make Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if 
fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations; 
"Make Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, 
which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Make Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Make 
Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Issuer or the Determination Agent (as applicable), of the bid and offered prices for the 
Make Whole Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) which (a) 
appears on the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page as at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date or, (b) 
to the extent that either such bid and offered prices do not appear on that page, fewer than two such bid 
and offered prices appear on that page, or if the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is unavailable, then 
as quoted in writing to the Issuer or the Determination Agent (as applicable) by such Make Whole 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any subsidiary of the Issuer whose Gross Assets or Operating 
Income, as the case may be, represent 7.5 per cent. or more of the consolidated Gross Assets or Operating 
Income, as the case may be, of the Issuer and its subsidiaries determined by reference to the latest 
consolidated financial information published in respect of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. For the purposes 
of this definition, “Gross Assets” shall mean net property, plant and equipment, intangible assets 
excluding goodwill, and current and non-current assets excluding intra-group items and investments and 
“Operating Income” shall have the meaning attributed to it in the latest consolidated financial 
information published in respect of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. A certificate by an authorised signatory 
of the Issuer that, in his or her opinion, a subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties;  
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(d)(iii) 
(Interest – Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant series of Notes at any time, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to 
count towards the Issuer's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes 
of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event (a) shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the 
relevant series of Notes ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards such eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the 
minimum period prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and (b) shall only occur in 
respect of a Subordinated Note if the whole or any part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant 
series of Subordinated Notes has ceased to qualify as Tier 2 Capital;  
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and shall, in the 
case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate at the time of redemption, be a date upon which interest 
is payable; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, (i) in respect of an Instalment Note, its principal amount on 
the Issue Date less any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased to accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e)(v) (Interest – Supplemental Provisions); and (ii) in respect of a Note other than that 
specified in (i) above, the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as reduced by any partial 
redemptions or repurchases from time to time; 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means any obligations of the Issuer which fall or are expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act and any 
other obligations of the Issuer which, to the extent permitted by Romanian law, rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Instruments of the Issuer; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates (expressed as a 
percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; and (ii) in the case of

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
 
Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable; 
"Rating Agency" means any rating agency specified as rating the Notes in the relevant Final Terms or 
any other rating agency of equivalent standing which has assigned a rating to the Notes at the request or 
invitation of the Issuer; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" (i) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks in 
the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute or (ii) in the case of the 
calculation of a CMT Rate, five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in New York as selected by the 
Issuer;  
"Reference Bank CMT Rate" means the Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided 
by the Reference Banks upon the Issuer’s request to the Calculation Agent at or around 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bank CMT Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bank CMT Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the 
Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. Where no quotations with respect to 
the Reference Bank CMT Rate are provided, the Reference Bank CMT Rate shall be determined to be the 
relevant CMT Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic average 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such 
Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received upon the Issuer’s request, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all 
such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to the yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal 
to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received upon the Issuer’s 
request or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the 
determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to 
the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of 
Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the 
Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period); 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent) or their affiliates, which are (i) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues;  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
 
of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Issuer by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling, London; 
(ii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in United States dollars, New York City; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in any other currency, such financial centre or centres as may 
be specified in relation to the relevant currency and for the purposes of the definition of "Business 
Day" in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated from time to time), as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated at the relevant time; 
"Relevant Make Whole Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, 
including, without limitation, Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable relevant bid and 
offered prices for the Make Whole Reference Bond; 
"Relevant Margin" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), as the case may be, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Interest) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear on a fixed date 
or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or 
intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means, for any Reset Period, either the security specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such security is specified or the specified security is no longer outstanding, the 
government security or securities selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank or 
financial institution determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for the avoidance of doubt, could 
be the Determination Agent (if applicable)) as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany); 
"Reset Reference Rate" means (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Reference Bond Rate or, (iii) the CMT 
Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities" means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, United 
States Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the CMT Designated Maturity, a remaining 
term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity and in a principal 
amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such United States Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market. If two or more United States Treasury Securities have remaining 
terms to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States 
Treasury Security with the longer remaining term to maturity will be used and if two or more United 
States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to the duration of the CMT 
Designated Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount outstanding 
will be used; 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate quoted by a Reference Bank as being a yield-

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
 
to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reference Bank for Reset United States 
Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
"Resolution Authority" means any resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer or with primary responsibility for the oversight and supervision 
of the Issuer's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity from time to time (being, at the date hereof, 
the National Bank of Romania); 
"Romanian Insolvency Act" means Law no. 85/2014 on insolvency prevention procedures and on 
insolvency procedure (Legea 85/2014 privind procedurile de prevenire a insolvenţei şi de insolvenţă), as 
amended or replaced from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Romanian Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time; 
"Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act" means Romanian Law no. 312/2015 on recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and for amending and supplementing certain 
normative acts of financial matter (Legea nr. 312/2015 privind redresarea şi rezoluţia instituţiilor de 
credit şi a firmelor de investiţii, precum şi pentru modificarea şi completarea unor acte normative în 
domeniul financiar) as amended or replaced from time to time, transposing BRRD. Any references in 
these Conditions to relevant provisions of the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Senior Obligations" means all unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(other than Non-Preferred Senior Instruments) which, in accordance with their terms or pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes including any present or future claims which are excluded liabilities 
within the meaning of Article 72a (2) of the CRR; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Subordinated Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(d) (Status – Subordinated Notes); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 5(d) (Interest – Reset Note Provisions) and Condition 5(e)(iii) (Interest – Supplemental 
Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro;

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
 
"Tax Event" means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction 
(experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of the Taxing 
Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision or pronouncement 
that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, 
by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body in the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, change, action, 
pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be: 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges 
with respect to such Notes or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect 
of payments in respect of such Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of 
such deduction would be materially reduced); or 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to such Notes 
as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the 
Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional 
taxes, duties or other governmental charges; 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in which the Issuer 
is treated as having a permanent establishment, under the income tax laws of such jurisdiction; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
"Withholding Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons – Withholding Tax). 
(b) 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), references to 
Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include any other redemption amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal (if any) which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions, including discount on the issue; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement;

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Interpretation) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "Not Applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or Deed of Covenant shall be construed as a 
reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to (and including) the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
references to any act or statute or any provision of any act or statute shall be deemed also to refer 
to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or 
regulation made thereunder or under such modification or re-enactment. 
2. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes are issued in bearer form or registered form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Form of Bearer Notes  
Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will be represented upon issue by a temporary global note 
(a "Temporary Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) 
scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. On or after the date which is forty days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Notes (the "Exchange Date") of the relevant Series and provided certification as 
to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (substantially in the form set 
out in the Temporary Global Note) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may be 
exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") representing the Notes of that 
Series and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, definitive notes ("Definitive Notes") serially 
numbered and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Series occurs whilst any of the Notes 
of that Series are represented by the Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in the form set out in the Temporary Global Note) has been 
received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or by any other clearing system to which Notes or any 
interest therein may from time to time be credited. Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a 
Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg without any 
requirement for certification. 
Interests in the Permanent Global Note will, unless the contrary is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be exchangeable at the cost and expense of the Issuer in whole (but not in part), at the option of the Holder 
of such Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system(s) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of public holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently or does in fact do so 
or (b) an Event of Default under Condition 7 (Events of Default) occurs in respect of any Note of the 
relevant Series. Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive Notes duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the Holder of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the 
Holder requesting such exchange. If default is made by the Issuer in the required delivery of Definitive 
Notes and such default is continuing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange, such Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance with its terms but 
without prejudice to the rights of the Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation thereto under the Deed of Covenant.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at 
the time of their initial delivery coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be prerequisite to the 
payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below provided that interest bearing Definitive 
Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of initial delivery 
Coupons and one Talon for further Coupons (a "Talon", together with the Coupons in such case and where 
the context so permits, the "Coupons") entitling the holder thereof to further Coupons and a further Talon. 
Bearer Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment Notes") have 
attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the 
instalments of principal. 
(c) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Notes issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Each Tranche of Registered 
Notes will be in the form of either individual Note certificates ("Individual Note Certificates") or a 
global registered Note (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Global Registered Notes may be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
(d) 
Denomination of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will be in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one denomination 
may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
(e) 
Denomination of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be in the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms integral multiples thereof. 
(f) 
Currency of Notes 
Notes may be denominated in any currency subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context may require, be deemed to 
be Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes, Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, Registered 
Notes. 
3. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the 
"Noteholders" or "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Receipts or Coupons signify the bearers of such Bearer 
Notes or such Receipts or Coupons. 
Title to the Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to the "Noteholders" or "Holders" of Registered Notes signify the persons in whose 
names such Notes are so registered.  
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss 
thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or is an integral multiple 
of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
 
Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at 
the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the 
case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes will, upon the effective 
receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Registrar. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar during 
the period of fifteen London Banking Days, ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant 
Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day following 
the due date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity 
as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed 
in relation thereto. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status – Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes (the "Senior Notes"). 
The Senior Notes of each Series and any related Coupon constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank in the event of normal bankruptcy 
proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application to credit institutions. 
(b) 
Status – Preferred Eligible Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Preferred Eligible Notes (the "Preferred Eligible Notes"). 
The Preferred Eligible Notes of each Series and any related Coupon shall constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of normal bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims of Holders of any Preferred Eligible Notes against the Issuer (including in respect of any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future (including the Senior Notes), save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application to credit institutions. 
In the event of normal bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims of Holders of any Preferred Eligible Notes against the Issuer (including in respect of any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall constitute claims in respect of eligible liabilities instruments pursuant 
to Article 72b CRR and/or to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are 
included in the amount to be complied with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities pursuant to the CRR and/or the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, including any debt 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR 
and/or the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case may be.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Status – Non-Preferred Eligible Notes 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes (the "Non-Preferred Eligible Notes"). 
The Non-Preferred Eligible Notes of each Series and any related Coupon shall constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, provided that the 
rights and claims of Holders of any Non-Preferred Eligible Notes against the Issuer (including in respect 
of any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall constitute claims in respect of non-preferred senior obligations of the 
Issuer under debt instruments which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Article 2341 of the 
Romanian Insolvency Act. 
In the event of normal bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims of Holders of any Non-Preferred Eligible Notes against the Issuer (including in respect of any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) will rank: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Obligations (including junior to the Senior Notes and the Preferred Eligible 
Notes), so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until Senior 
Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(ii) 
pari passu (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future Non-Preferred Senior 
Instruments (other than senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to 
rank senior or junior to the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes); and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future claims under: (i) ordinary shares and other common equity tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) "Additional Tier 1" instruments 
pursuant to Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (including 
the Subordinated Notes) and other (if any) instruments or obligations of the Issuer that result from 
own funds items of the Issuer; and (iv) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the 
Issuer.  
(d) 
Status – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(d) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupon shall constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer intends that, on the Issue Date, the 
Subordinated Notes shall constitute Tier 2 Capital. 
In the event of normal bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims of Holders of any Subordinated Notes against the Issuer (including in respect of any accrued 
and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) will rank, subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable 
law: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future claims from Senior Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts 
will be payable in respect of the Notes until Senior Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(ii) 
pari passu (i) without any preference among themselves at all times and (ii) with all other present 
or future claims from instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital and other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer (other than subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank senior or junior to the Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) "Additional Tier 1" instruments pursuant to Article 
52 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) ordinary shares and other common equity tier 1 instruments pursuant 
to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the 
Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
The Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to 
absorb losses in resolution. Accordingly, no Holder shall be entitled, and waives any right, to exercise any 
right of set-off or netting against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. The Notes are 
neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the 
claims under the Notes. If an amount payable by the Issuer in respect of any Notes to any Holder is unduly 
discharged by set-off or netting, the respective Holder must pay an amount equal to the discharged amount 
to the Issuer, (or, in the event of its bankruptcy or liquidation, to the liquidator other relevant insolvency 
official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall 
hold an amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the 
liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and, consequently, the discharge shall be 
deemed as not having occurred.  
5. 
Interest 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing ("Zero Coupon Notes"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, a reference price and yield will, unless otherwise agreed, 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Final Terms in relation to each Series of interest-bearing 
Notes shall specify which of Conditions 5(a) (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions), 5(b) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR)) and/or 5(c) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR) shall be applicable provided that Condition 
5(e) (Interest – Supplemental Provisions) will be applicable to each Series of interest-bearing Notes as 
specified therein, save, in each case, to the extent inconsistent with the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Each Note in relation to which this Condition 5(a) is applicable 
shall bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) 
from and including its Issue Date to, but excluding, the date of final maturity thereof (each date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate or rates per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on such dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the date 
of final maturity thereof. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product (i) in respect of a Note denominated in U.S. dollars, on the 
basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of thirty days each and, in the case of an incomplete 
month, the actual number of days elapsed and (ii) in the case of a Note denominated in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars, on the basis of the number of days in the relevant period from and including the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant 
payment date divided by (x) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular annual payments, the number of days in the period from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next scheduled Interest 
Payment Date or (y) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid other than only by means 
of regular annual payments, the product of the number of days in the period from and including the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next 
scheduled Interest Payment Date and the number of Interest Payment Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figures by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For the purposes of this Condition 5 a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR) 
(i) 
This Condition 5(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Reference Rate is not SONIA

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
 
or SOFR. Notes in relation to which this Condition 5(b) is applicable shall bear interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) at the rates per 
annum determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b). 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest from and including their Issue Date, to, but excluding, the date of 
final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Interest will be payable 
on each date (an "Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms after such Issue Date or, as the case may be, after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation), it shall be postponed to the next 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it shall be 
brought forward to the preceding Business Day unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
that if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on the date which is not a Business Day, 
it shall be postponed to the next Business Day. If such Issue Date or any succeeding Interest 
Payment Date falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day of the relevant month. Each period beginning on (and including) 
such Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest Period". 
(iii) 
The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or Reset Note Provisions are specified as being applicable shall specify which page 
(the "Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information vending service 
shall be applicable. For these purposes, "Reuters Screen" means the Reuters Money 3000 
Service (or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor for the purpose of 
displaying comparable rates in succession thereto). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest (as 
defined herein) applicable to such Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
then: 
(1) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in euro for 
a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the interbank offered rate in a Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic 
mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant currency for a period of the 
duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(3) 
if no such rate for deposits so appears (or, as the case may require, if fewer than 
two such rates for deposits so appear), the Issuer will request appropriate 
quotations and advise them to the Calculation Agent who will then determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates at which deposits in the relevant currency are 
offered by four major banks (selected by the Issuer) in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at approximately the Relevant Time on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period to prime banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre in each such case for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
(4) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the Relevant Financial

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
 
Centre, selected by the Issuer (in consultation with the Determination Agent), at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
for loans in the relevant currency to leading European banks for a period of the 
duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the Relevant Time; and 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, then the Determination Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as determined by the Issuer, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during each Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) so determined 
provided that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an 
arithmetic mean) in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) last determined in 
relation to such Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States 
of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European 
Union as amended, and as used in this Condition 5 "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified for each Interest Determination Date; "Interest Determination Date" means the date 
specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, means in the case of EURIBOR, 
the second TARGET2 Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, such other Interest Determination Date as shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; "Reference Rate" means EURIBOR for the relevant Interest Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, such other Reference Rate 
as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; "Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning 
given to such term in Condition 1 (Interpretation) and "Relevant Time" means the time specified 
as such in the Final Terms or if none is so specified, means, in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. 
Brussels time or, in the case of Exempt Notes, such other time as shall be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(v) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(x)  
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
 
length of the relevant Interest Period; and  
(y)  
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
 
length of the relevant Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(x)  
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in 
 
the relevant Final Terms;  
(y)  
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(z)  
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(x)  
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(y)  
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(z)  
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day's Rate". 
(D) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
in respect of the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Interest 
Period. The amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case of the Notes denominated in Pounds 
Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in the remainder 
of such Interest Period divided by 365)) or by such other number as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the currency in which 
such Notes are denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Where the Specified Denomination of such a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(c) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Reference Rate is SONIA or 
SOFR. The Notes in relation to which this Condition 5(c) is applicable shall bear interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) at the rates per 
annum determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c). 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest from and including their Issue Date to, but excluding, the date of 
final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if no Maturity Date 
is specified, the date of any final redemption. Such interest will be payable on each date (an 
"Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms after such Issue Date or, as the case may be, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, it 
shall be postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event it shall be brought forward to the preceding Business Day unless it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
the date which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next Business Day. If such Issue 
Date or any succeeding Interest Payment Date falls on the last Business Day of the month, each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day of the relevant month. Each 
period beginning on (and including) such Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the First 
Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest 
Period". 
(iii) 
Subject to Conditions 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) and 5(e)(vii) 
(Interest – Supplemental Provisions) (if applicable), where the Reference Rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Relevant Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(i) in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
SONIA with Observation Period Shift: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period;  
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking 
Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (it shall not be specified as less than five London Banking Days without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent);  
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate; and 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published 
by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day;  
or 
(ii) in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
SONIA with Lookback: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
1቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on,

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
 
but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (it shall not be specified as less than five London Banking Days without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent); 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, "i", a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If, subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser), in respect of any 
London Banking Day, the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: (i) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Relevant Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 5(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement – SOFR), be the relevant Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Relevant Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. In no event will the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less 
than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 5(c)(iv). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, 
the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the Interest Period 
or Observation Period, as the case may be, will be multiplied by the number of calendar days 
from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in New York are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(i) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded SOFR with Lookback: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
1቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
 
where: 
"do" for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to that day "i"; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("i+1");  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; and 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms (it shall not be specified as less than five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent). 
or

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
1቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1);  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i". 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date (or, in the 
case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, with "p" being the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"SOFR", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), the Rate of Interest

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Relevant 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(v) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Relevant Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (or in the first 
Interest Period, the Issue Date); 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360, or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" shall be, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
five (it shall not be specified as less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent);

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate as published at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank 
of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) or 5(h) 
(Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), as applicable, the Rate of Interest shall be determined for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as 
if Compounded Daily SONIA with Observation Period Shift or Compounded Daily SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift (as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms and where 
"p" shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
in respect of the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Interest 
Period. The amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case of the Notes denominated in Pounds 
Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in the remainder 
of such Interest Period divided by 365)) or by such other number as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest subunit of the currency in which 
such Notes are denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of 
any such subunit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. Where 
the Specified Denomination of such a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. For this purpose, a "subunit" means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(d) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5(d) is applicable to the Notes only if the Interest - Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5(a) (Interest – Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions)) and on the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case 
of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 5(a) (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
(iii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations upon the Issuer’s request, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation upon the Issuer’s request as provided 
in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Relevant 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant 
Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period). 
(e) 
Interest – Supplemental Provisions 
(i) 
Condition 5(e)(ii) shall be applicable in relation to Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
Condition 5(e)(iv) shall be applicable in relation to all interest-bearing Notes, Condition 5((e))(v) 
shall be applicable in relation to Instalment Notes and Conditions 5(e)(vii) and 5(e)(viii) shall be 
applicable in relation to Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest Payment Dates 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, floating rate, Interest Payment Date, final 
day of a calculation period, Interest Amount or floating amount, Instalment Amount or any other 
rate of interest, interest period or reset period to be determined or calculated by it to be notified 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent will cause all such determinations or 
calculations to be notified to the other Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar (from whose respective specified offices such information will be available upon 
written request) as soon as practicable after such determination or calculated but in any event not 
later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter and, in the case of Notes listed on a stock 
exchange, cause each such Rate of Interest, floating rate, Interest Amount or floating amount or, 
as the case may be, Instalment Amount to be notified and/or published according to the 
requirements of that stock exchange. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest 
Amount, floating amount, Interest Payment Date or last day of a calculation period (or to make 
appropriate alternative arrangements by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of the 
extension or abbreviation of the relevant Interest Period or calculation period. For the purposes 
of these Conditions, "London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and "TARGET2 Settlement Day" has the meaning set out below. 
(iii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5(e)(iii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as 
being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates 
in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction 
with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(iv) 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of all rates of interest, amounts of interest, and 
Instalment Amounts for the purposes of this Condition 5 shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be final and binding on all parties. 
(v) 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note during each Interest 
Period (as defined in Condition 5(b) (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR)) and/or Condition 5(c) (Interest – Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR) (as applicable)) from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue in respect of each instalment of principal on, 
but excluding, the due date for payment of the relevant Instalment Amount, unless upon due 
presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the relevant Instalment Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which 
case interest shall continue to accrue on the principal amount in respect of which payment has 
been improperly withheld or refused or default has been made (as well after as before any demand 
or judgment) at the interest rate then applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this 
purpose in the Final Terms until, but excluding, the date on which, upon due presentation or 
surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except 
where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), 
the seventh day after the date on which the Fiscal Agent having received the funds required to 
make such payment, gives notice to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) that the Fiscal Agent has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is 
failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
(vi) 
In the case of partly-paid Notes (other than partly-paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes) 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up principal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
(vii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(viii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, including where the Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If any principal amount or Instalment Amount in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is not paid when due, 
interest shall accrue from and including such due date on the overdue amount at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the Amortisation/Accrual Yield defined in the Final Terms 
or at such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until but excluding the date 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant payment is 
made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a 
precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, having received the funds required to make such payment, gives notice to the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be has received the required funds, (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment 
thereof to the relevant Holder). The amount of any such interest shall be calculated by multiplying the

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
 
product of the Amortisation/Accrual Yield and the overdue sum by the Day Count Fraction as specified 
for this purpose in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 but subject, where the Reference Rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, to the operation of the fallback provisions specified in the 
definition of SOFR in Condition 5(c)(iv) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR), if 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Determination Agent ) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
"Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than 
three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination 
Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) 
(the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(g) if a further Benchmark Event occurs); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most 
comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, 
which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable), and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so 
determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an 
information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this 
sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Reset Determination Date or 
Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period (as applicable) in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable) for a term equivalent to the Relevant Interest Period or Reset Period published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date 
(including a EURIBOR Interest Determination Date) (as applicable) (though substituting, where 
a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period, and any 
subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(g);

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(g)); 
(v) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) 
or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Reset 
Determination Time, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(g)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark 
ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) it has ceased or will 
cease publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date; or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, (i) such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or 
will, by a specified future date, be no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 or such regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above, as applicable, and the specified future date in such public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not 
be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(g), no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(g), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Eligible Notes only, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution 
Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement - SOFR 
This Condition 5(h) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 5(h) is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(h), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the longest period 
(for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (B) the 
Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 5(h) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(h), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(h), if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; 
or, in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes only, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution 
Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes shall be redeemed at their principal 
amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, in the 
case of Instalment Notes, in the Instalment Amounts and in such number of instalments as may be 
specified in or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms) on the date or dates (or, 
in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon which 
interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), as a result of 
any change in the laws of any Taxing Jurisdiction or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws 
or regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of such Notes or, in the case of Senior 
Notes, any earlier date specified in the relevant Final Terms, on the occasion of the next payment due in 
respect of such Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation) (a "Withholding Tax Event"), the Issuer may, at any time following the occurrence of such 
Withholding Tax Event, at its option and subject (to the extent applicable) to the Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), having given not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, 
on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only, unless and to the extent that the relevant Final 
Terms specifies otherwise, in relation to Senior Notes) the Notes of the relevant Series at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at 
the redemption amount referred to in Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes), together 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon). 
(c) 
Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes 
as a result of a Tax Event 
At any time following the occurrence of a Tax Event in respect of any Series of Preferred Eligible Notes, 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (unless specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms), but subject (to the extent applicable) to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase)), the Issuer may having given not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of any Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon 
which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Series of Notes at any time at a 
redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal Amount (or such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount referred to in Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption, subject to these Conditions.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes 
as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event 
Unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms and subject (to the extent applicable) to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), if an 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may from (and including) the 
MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, at its option having given not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon 
which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Notes at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest (accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event 
At any time following the occurrence of a Capital Event in respect of any Subordinated Notes (unless 
specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), but subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in 
Condition 6(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), the Issuer may, at its option, having given 
not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Subordinated Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes at any time at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal Amount (or 
such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount 
referred to in Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions. 
(f) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
If this Condition 6(f) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may 
(subject, to the extent applicable, to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(k) (Conditions 
to Redemption and Repurchase)), upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem all (but not, unless 
and to the extent that the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise in relation to Senior Notes, some only) 
of the Notes of the relevant Series at its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other redemption amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Notes 
denominated in Pounds Sterling may not be redeemed prior to one year and one day from the Issue Date. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the redemption amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 6(f) is a notice given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series not less 
than 15 days (or such alternative period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, which notice shall be signed by two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
relevant Optional Redemption Date; and 
(iv) 
the amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed, which shall be their Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with, in 
the case of Notes which bear interest, accrued interest thereon. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
(g) 
Partial Redemption

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
 
If some only of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)): 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding Principal 
Amount by being drawn by lot in such European city as the Fiscal Agent may specify, or 
identified in such other manner or in such other place as the Fiscal Agent may approve and deem 
appropriate and fair, subject always to compliance with all applicable laws, and the rules of each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, if applicable, the rules of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, subject always as aforesaid. 
(h) 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
If this Condition 6(h) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to Senior Notes, then 
the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Note (other than a holder of 
a Subordinated Note, Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes) of the relevant Series, 
redeem such Note on the date or the next of the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
Outstanding Principal Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, 
not less than forty-five days before the date so specified (as more particularly specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), deposit the relevant Note (together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with 
any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying Agent or, in 
the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar together with a duly completed redemption notice in the form 
which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar. 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and if, at any time 
(other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at a price greater than the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Optional 
Early Redemption (Call))), the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series is 20 per 
cent. (or such other amount as may be specified as the Clean-up Call Threshold in the relevant Final Terms) 
or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the 
same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), subject to the extent applicable, to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), the 
Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest 
Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for 
redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.  
(j) 
Make Whole Call Option 
This Condition 6(j) is applicable in relation to Senior Notes. If the Make Whole Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option 
of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, 
and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
at the Make Whole Redemption Price.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, to the Par Redemption Date) on 
such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as 
determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
of the Make Whole Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) 
the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported 
in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity 
(or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the sum of (x) the Make Whole Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin,  
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date occurs on 
or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
Other than a redemption at maturity in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), the 
Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes (and give notice thereof to the Holders) only if such 
redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been 
granted the permission of the Competent Authority (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution 
Authority (in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes 
(to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 
Capital)), and in addition: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital), eligible liabilities instruments) of 
an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority or Resolution 
Authority, as the case may be, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by 
a margin that (in the case of the Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole 
but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)), the Resolution Authority in agreement with the Competent 
Authority or, (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (to 
the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 
2 Capital) only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that 
the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for continuing 
authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the Subordinated 
Notes:  
(A) 
only the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of 
the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified 
by exceptional circumstances; or 
(E) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
(l) 
Repurchase of the Notes 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may at any time repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price and provided that any such repurchases shall be subject to the Conditions to Redemption 
set out in Condition 6(k) above. 
(m) 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Repurchased Notes 
All Notes redeemed or repurchased in accordance with this Condition 6 and, in the case of interest-bearing 
Definitive Notes, any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered or repurchased therewith will 
be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 6(m) to the repurchase of 
Notes by the Issuer shall not include the purchase of Notes in the ordinary course of business of dealing 
in securities or the repurchase of Notes otherwise than as beneficial owners. 
(n) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
The redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Notes upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – Withholding Tax) or Condition 6(c) 
(Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes 
as a result of a Tax Event), Condition 6(d) (Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event) or 
Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event) or, if applicable 
Condition 6(f) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) or Condition 6(h) (Optional Early Redemption (Put)) 
or Condition 6(i) (Clean-up Call Option) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
7 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Notes. 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the sum of (A) the Reference Price specified in the relevant Final Terms and (B) 
the aggregate amortisation of the difference between the principal amount of such Note from its 
Issue Date to the date on which such Note becomes due and payable at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the relevant Final Terms 
compounded annually and the Reference Price. Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each or such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the redemption amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – Withholding Tax) or Condition 6(c) 
(Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated 
Notes as a result of a Tax Event) or Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as 
a result of a Capital Event) or, if applicable Condition 6(f) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) 
or Condition 6(h) (Optional Early Redemption (Put)) or Condition 6(i) (Clean-up Call Option) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 7 (Events of Default) is not paid 
when due, the redemption amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (i) above, except that sub-paragraph shall

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
 
have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after as before judgment), 
until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date or date 
scheduled for redemption, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal 
amount of such Note. 
7. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 7(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Notes.  
(ii) 
The following events or circumstances (each a "Senior Event of Default") shall be events of 
default continuing in relation to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof; or  
(B) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after given 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to 
the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(C) 
(1) any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its respective subsidiaries is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any applicable grace period; (2) any such Indebtedness 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant 
subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any 
Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or (3) the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries fails to 
pay when due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in (1) and/or (2) and/or the amount 
payable under any Guarantee referred to in (3), individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
EUR 15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or  
(D) 
one or more final judgment(s) or court order(s) for the payment of any amount, 
individually or in the aggregate which has not been provisioned by the Issuer or the 
respective Material Subsidiary, exceeding EUR 15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof 
or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or  
(E) 
a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value in excess of EUR 
15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(F) 
(1) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due, (2) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (3) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes 
any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee 
of any Indebtedness given by it or (4) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business, for the purposes 
of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
 
(G) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case 
of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(H) 
any event occurs which under the laws of Romania has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (D) to (G) above; or 
(I) 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order 
(1) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply 
with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (2) to ensure that those obligations 
are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (3) to make the Notes and the Coupons 
admissible in evidence in the courts of Romania is not taken, fulfilled or done; or  
(J) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
(iii) 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Holder of any Note of 
the relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare such Note and (if the Note is interest 
bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
same shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount (or, in the case of a Note 
which is not interest bearing, at the redemption amount referred to in Condition 6(n) (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer 
will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless 
prior to the time when the Issuer receives such notice all Events of Default in respect of all the 
Notes shall have been cured. 
(b) 
Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes  
(i) 
This Condition 7(b) is applicable in relation to Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
The following events or circumstances (each a "Subordinated Event of Default") shall be an 
event of default in relation to the Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or 
Subordinated Notes: 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of any principal for a period of 7 days after the 
date when due in respect of any such Note which has become due and payable in 
accordance with any redemption of such Notes; or 
(B) 
the Issuer shall default for a period of 14 days in the payment of interest due on any such 
Note on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the payment of interest is 
compulsory; or 
(C) 
a court order is made for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the 
purpose of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which the continuing entity 
effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is 
otherwise declared bankrupt or put into liquidation, in each case, by a court or agency or 
supervisory authority in Romania, 
the Holder of any Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable law prove or claim in the 
winding up or liquidation or as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, whether 
in Romania or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, but (in either case) 
the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes only in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer. 
(iii) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 7(b)((ii)) above, the Holder of any 
Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due and payable, and such Note shall

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 
accordingly become due and payable at its Outstanding Principal Amount together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment but subject to such Holder only being able to claim payment in 
respect of the Note in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
means that no Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest 
or principal under the Notes, other than in the bankruptcy (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of 
the Issuer. Furthermore, no Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment 
of interest or principal under the Notes in case an early intervention (intervenție timpurie) 
measure, a resolution (rezoluţie) measure, a moratorium or any other action or measure that may 
be taken against the Issuer pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act.  
(iv) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer 
under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 7(b)((ii) or 7(b)(iii) above, any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the 
Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with the prior 
approval of the Competent Authority (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution 
Authority (in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes).  
(v) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 7(b)((ii), 7(b)(iii) and 7(b)(iv) 
above shall be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings with 
respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt any exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority will not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations or duties in respect 
of the Notes, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer's obligations or duties in respect of the Notes in any 
manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders to petition for the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer. For the avoidance of any doubt, the resolution, suspension and moratorium shall not 
constitute an event of default that would be able to lead to any acceleration of payments or trigger early 
redemption (in whole or in part). 
8. 
Taxation  
(a) 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of Senior Notes 
only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear 
of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, and in relation to a Subordinated Note 
or Preferred Eligible Note or Non-Preferred Eligible Note, for any payment of interest only, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the 
Holders after such deduction for or on account of withholding shall equal the respective amounts which 
would have been receivable in the absence of such deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to payment in respect of any Note presented for payment:  
(i) 
by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of such Note by reason 
of such Holder having some connection with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Note; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the expiry 
of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Fiscal 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which 
the full amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given 
to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Other than the potential additional amounts mentioned in paragraph (a) of this Condition 8 (if withholding 
taxes become applicable to interest payments for Notes or in the case of Senior Notes, payments of

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
 
principal), the Issuer will not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, 
or enforcement of any Notes and all payments made by the Issuer will be made subject to any such tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
(d) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 or 
any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 8 or Condition 9 (Payments) to the contrary, none of the Issuer, 
any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any 
withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation, 
intergovernmental agreement implementing legislation or other official guidance enacted by the Taxing 
Jurisdiction implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer or any other person making 
payments on behalf of the Issuer and the United States or any authority thereof implementing FATCA. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 9(a) is applicable in relation to Bearer Notes. 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer Notes will be 
made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason of insufficiency 
of funds or payment of an Instalment Amount (other than the final Instalment Amount), surrender 
of the relevant Bearer Notes to or to the order of any of the Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Note will be made against presentation of the Bearer Note together with (whether 
applicable) the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and 
if separated from the Bearer Note to which they relate will not represent any obligation of the 
Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of a Bearer Note without the relative Receipt or the presentation of 
a Receipt without the Bearer Note to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any 
payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(A) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States; and 
(C) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of the 
initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office of any 
of the Paying Agents outside the United States. 
(iv) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Notes is not a Business Day, then the Holder thereof will not 
be entitled to payment thereof until the next following such Business Day and no further payment 
shall be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with these Conditions.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons or Receipts attached thereto should be 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons or Receipts appertaining 
thereto, failing which: 
(A) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted from the amount otherwise payable 
on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against surrender of the 
relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at any time prior to 
the tenth anniversary of the due date of such final redemption or, if later, the fifth 
anniversary of the date of maturity of such Coupon; and 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or below, a 
floating rate, all unmatured Coupon relating to such Definitive Notes (whether or not 
surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in 
respect of them. 
(C) 
in the case of Bearer Notes initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all Receipts 
relating to such Bearer Notes in respect of a payment of an Instalment Amount which 
(but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after such due date for 
redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
(b) 
Payments – Registered Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 9(b) is applicable in relation to Registered Notes. 
(ii) 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of Registered Notes 
will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason of 
insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at the specified office of the 
Registrar. If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest 
or otherwise) in respect of Registered Notes is not a Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be 
entitled to payment thereof until the next following such Business Day and no further payment 
shall be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect of the 
final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Holders 
thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the 
Registrar as at opening of business (New York time) on the fifteenth New York Banking Day 
before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9(c) (Payments – General Provisions), payments of 
interest due (other than in respect of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of 
Registered Notes will be made by a cheque drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
posted to the address (as recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof, (or, 
in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) on the Business Day immediately preceding the 
relevant date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has 
acknowledged such applications for payment to be made to a designated account (in the case 
aforesaid, a non-resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(c) 
Payments – General Provisions 
(i) 
Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 9 is applicable in relation to Notes whether in 
bearer or in registered form. 
(ii) 
Payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of 
Notes denominated in a currency other than euro will be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer 
to, an account maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and in 
respect of a Note denominated in euro by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an euro account (or 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Union. Payments will,

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation), be subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") or otherwise required pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
10. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and the related Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within 10 years (or, 
in the case of Coupons and save as provided in Condition 9(a)(v) (Payments – Bearer Notes), five years) 
after the due date for payment. 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Notes will be prescribed unless made within 10 years 
(or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, five years) after the due date for payment. 
11. 
The Paying Agents and the Registrar  
The initial Paying Agents and Registrar and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
(including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in continental Europe but outside any applicable Taxing Jurisdiction. The Paying 
Agents and the Registrar reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the 
Paying Agents or the Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange and/or 
listing authority on which the relevant Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses 
incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders 
Holders of any Series may meet in holders' meetings (in Romanian, adunarea obligatarilor) (any such 
meeting a "Holders' Meeting") in order to take decisions in accordance with their interests. As the Issuer 
is a credit institution organised under the laws of Romania, the conduct and powers of the Holders' 
Meeting will be governed by the provisions of the Company Law no. 31/1990, as further amended and 
republished, Law no. 24/2017 on financial instruments issuers and market operations, as further amended 
and republished, and any other mandatory legal provisions that may in the future regulate the conduct 
and powers of the Holders' Meeting.  
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions which affects the Notes will be performed in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations and is subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes or 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)).  
(a) 
Holders' Representative  
The Holders' Meeting may appoint a representative (the "Holders’ Representative") of the Holders and 
one or more substitute representatives.  
The Holders’ Representative and the substitute representative(s) cannot be involved in the management 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
 
In the event of incompatibility, resignation or revocation of a Holders’ Representative, the Holders' 
Meeting will elect a replacement representative unless a substitute representative has been already 
appointed, in which case such substitute representative shall automatically assume the role of Holders’ 
Representative.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the Holders’ 
Representative(s) at the Issuer's headquarters or by email to the e-mail address actionariat@btrl.ro.  
The Holders’ Representative(s) shall have the right to represent the Holders of Notes before the Issuer 
and the courts of justice. The Holders’ Representative(s) may also be entrusted by the Holders' Meeting 
to perform supervisory actions and to protect the common interests of the Holders of Notes.  
(b) 
Calling of the Holders' Meeting  
The Holders' Meeting may be called at the request of one or more Holders of Notes representing at least 
one quarter of the issued and outstanding nominal amount of the Notes or, following the appointment of 
the Holders’ Representative, upon the request of such Holders' Representative.  
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of the Holders' Meetings and all 
administrative expenses related to such Holders' Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses 
may be withheld from the interest payable on the Notes.  
The convening notice of the Holders’ Meeting shall be given by the Issuer, or if the Holders’ 
Representative convened the meeting, it shall be given by the Holders’ Representative, in a manner 
described below in Condition 14 (Notices) and shall include: (i) the date, time and place of the Holders’ 
Meeting, each as determined by the Issuer or the Holders’ Representative, provided that the date fixed for 
the Holders’ Meeting shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ after the date of such notice and 
the place of Holders’ Meeting shall be an appropriately chosen venue in Cluj-Napoca); (ii) the agenda 
and the text of any resolutions to be submitted to the Holders’ Meeting; (iii) the Meeting Record Date (as 
defined below); (iv) the procedures to be followed by holders of Registered Notes in order to vote at or 
for their voting instructions to be given effect at the Holders’ Meeting; and (v) such additional information 
(if any) as the Issuer or the Holders’ Representative shall consider appropriate for the purposes of the 
Holders’ Meeting. 
The convening notice for the Holders' Meeting shall be published in the Official Gazette and in a 
newspaper of general circulation in Cluj-Napoca, as well as on the Issuer's website 
(www.bancatransilvania.ro), on the website of the Bucharest Stock Exchange (www.bvb.ro) and on such 
other stock exchange where the Notes may be admitted to trading. The convening notice for the Holders' 
Meeting shall be published at least 30 days prior to the date on which the Holders' Meeting is scheduled 
to take place.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer, having been requested to call a Holders’ Meeting as 
contemplated above, fails to give notice of such Holders’ Meeting in the manner and within the timeframe 
contemplated above or fails to thereafter cause the Holders’ Meeting to be held on the date and at the time 
and place contemplated by such notice, then the Holders’ Representative is entitled to, and shall, call a 
Holders’ Meeting for transaction of the intended business, such Holders’ Meeting to be held on such date 
and at such time and place as the Holders’ Representative shall determine and notify Holders of Notes. 
Holders of Notes representing all of the outstanding Notes may waive any convening formalities set out 
above. 
Upon its convening of any Holders’ Meeting, the Issuer or the Holders’ Representative, as applicable, 
will fix in advance a record date (the "Meeting Record Date") for the determination of Holders of Notes 
entitled to participate in the Holders’ Meeting, which shall be following the date of the convening notice 
for the Holders’ Meeting and will not be a date which is more than 60 days prior to the respective Holders’ 
Meeting. Promptly after any Meeting Record Date is set pursuant to this clause, the entity convening the 
Holders’ Meeting shall cause notice of such Meeting Record Date to be given to the Issuer, the Holders’ 
Representative as well, in writing.  
The right of each Holder of Notes to participate in Holders' Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in 
the Register as of the record date mentioned in the notice calling the Holders' Meeting.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
 
The Holders of Notes may be represented by proxies, other than, as applicable, the directors, managers, 
members of the Board of Directors, auditors or officers ("funcționari") of the Issuer. The powers of 
attorney shall be submitted with the Issuer in original at least 48 hours in advance of the Holders' Meeting. 
Failure to submit such original powers of attorney within such deadline will result in the relevant Holder 
of Notes losing its right to vote in that Holders' Meeting.  
(c) 
Powers of Holders' Meetings and Voting 
A Holders' Meeting has the following powers:  
(i) 
to appoint a Holders’ Representative and one or more substitute representatives, to set their 
remuneration and to dismiss or replace any such representative; 
(ii) 
to perform all supervisory actions, as well as actions for protecting the common interests of the 
Holders of Notes, or to authorise a representative to perform such actions;  
(iii) 
to create a fund, which may be withheld from the amounts representing the interest to which the 
Holders of Notes are entitled, in order to cover the expenses related to the protection of their 
rights, as well as to establish the rules for the management of such fund;  
(iv) 
to oppose any amendment of the articles of association of the Issuer or of the Conditions of the 
Notes which may affect the rights of the Holders of Notes; and  
(v) 
to pronounce itself on the issuance of new Notes by the Issuer.  
The resolutions of the Holders' Meeting are adopted by open vote.  
Holders' Meetings may take a valid decision on items (i)-(iii) above only with a majority representing at 
least one third (1/3) of the issued and outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. In any other case, the 
Holders' Meeting may validly take a decision in the presence of Holders of Notes representing at least 
two thirds (2/3) of the issued and outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and with a majority of at least 
four fifths (4/5) of the issued and outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented at the Holders' 
Meeting. No business (other than choosing a chairman and designating secretaries) may be transacted at 
a Holders’ Meeting in the absence of relevant quorum, unless quorum necessary for that business is 
present when the Holders’ Meeting is called to order. 
Decisions of the Holders' Meeting are binding on all Holders of Notes including those who did not 
participate or vote at such meeting.  
Chairman and Secretary. The Holders present shall elect one of themselves to take the chair (the 
"Chairman") and one to three Holders to act as secretaries. The Issuer shall appoint a technical secretary 
from among its employees. If the Issuer fails to appoint the technical secretary, the Holders’ 
Representative has the right to and shall appoint one. 
 
Participation. The following may attend and speak at a Holders’ Meeting: (i) the Holders and their 
counsel; (ii) the Chairman; (iii) the Holders’ Representative and its counsel; and (iv) any representatives 
of the Issuer and its counsel. No one else may attend or speak without the consent of the Holders’ present, 
expressed by vote. 
 
Effect and Publication of Passed Resolutions. Any resolution passed at any Holders’ Meeting duly held 
in accordance with this Section shall be binding on all Holders of the Notes, whether or not present or 
represented at the Holders’ Meeting. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that 
the circumstances justify its being passed. Within 15 days of being passed, the Issuer shall give notice of 
the passing of any resolution to Holders of the Notes in the manner described below in Condition 14 
(Notices) and file any such resolution with the Cluj Trade Registry for the purposes of its publication with 
the Romanian Official Gazette, but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
 
Minutes. Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every Holders’ Meeting setting forth, 
among other things, the applicable percentage of Holders of the Notes that voted in favour thereof and 
whether such resolutions were passed and signed by the Chairman of that Holders’ Meeting and by the 
secretaries (any such signed minutes, the "Meeting Minutes"). Until the contrary is proven, such Meeting 
Minutes shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Notice of decisions to Issuer 
The Issuer shall be informed of the decisions of the Holders' Meetings within a maximum of three days 
as of their adoption. The Issuer shall thereafter comply with any transparency and other obligations it may 
have under applicable laws in relation to such decisions, as described above in Section "Effect and 
Publication of Passed Resolutions". The decisions made by the Holders' Meetings will be enforceable 
("opozabile") against the Issuer, who will comply with such decisions to the extent these are deemed 
mandatory under these Conditions or otherwise under the provisions of applicable legal provisions. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) or, in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note if delivered to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein provided that, in the case of Notes admitted to listing and/or trading 
on any stock exchange, the requirements of such stock exchange or listing authority have been complied 
with. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth 
Business Day after the date of such delivery, irrespective of whether the addressee receives it. 
(b) 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail to 
them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar or, in the case of a Global Registered 
Note if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons 
shown in their respective records, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business 
Day after the date of such mailing, or, as the case may be, on the fourth Business Day after the date of 
such delivery, irrespective of whether the addressee receives it. 
15. 
Provision of Information  
For so long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to ongoing transparency and 
disclosure obligations, as set out in Directive 2004/109/EC (also known as the Transparency Directive, as 
amended by Directive 2010/73/EU), as implemented into Romanian law by Law no. 24/2017 on financial 
instruments issuers and market operations and Regulation no. 5/2018 on financial instruments issuers and 
market operations issued by the Romanian Financial Authority, including (but not limited to): 
(a) 
publication of an annual report, including the Issuer’s annual accounts together with the report of 
the Board of Directors, the statement of responsible persons, as well as the independent auditor’s 
report, within four months after the end of each financial year;  
(b) 
publication of a half-year report, including the Issuer’s half-yearly figures, together with the report 
of the Board of Directors, the statement of responsible persons, as well as the independent auditor’s 
report, to the extent the accounts have been reviewed, within three months after the end of the first 
six months of each financial year; and 
(c) 
in case of interest payment, any potential subscription, cancellation or repayment rights – 
publication of announcements regarding the applicable time period, payment date and payment 
methods (including details regarding the Paying Agents) as well as the places where payment will 
take place. For payments of interest under Floating Rate Notes such announcements will be 
published at least three (3) Business Days before the relevant Payment Date. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series create 
and issue further Notes and other debt securities having terms and conditions the same as those of the 
Notes of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest (if any), which may 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes of such Series.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
 
17. 
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 17 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at any time following the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event, 
or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, subject to (i) the Applicable Banking Regulations (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) and (ii) prior approval of the Competent Authority 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of Preferred Eligible Notes 
or Non-Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)), and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement) and the Holders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time, either:  
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for new Notes, which are Qualifying 
Securities, or  
(b) 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities,  
provided that, in each case, (i) such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities and (ii) such variation or substitution would not itself 
directly lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings of the relevant Notes as assigned to such Notes 
by any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers)) and (iii) such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to 
holders (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)). For the avoidance of doubt, 
any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a modification or amendment for the purposes 
of Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders). 
For the purpose of this Condition 17 a variation or substitution shall be "materially less favourable to 
holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 4(a) (Status – 
Senior Notes), Condition 4(b) (Status – Preferred Eligible Notes), Condition 4(c) (Status – Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes) or Condition 4(d) (Status – Subordinated Notes), as applicable;  
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time 
applying to the relevant Notes; 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the relevant Notes; 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount as the relevant Notes prior to such variation or substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the relevant Notes to any accrued interest which has not been 
paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the relevant Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain terms 
which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity (in the case of Senior Notes, Preferred Eligible Notes, Non-Preferred 
Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, 
in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)) or Tier 2 Capital (in the case of Subordinated Notes), in each 
case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, (in the 
case of a variation or substitution due to a Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event, MREL Disqualification 
Event or Capital Event) to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Withholding Tax 
Event, Tax Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Capital Event.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
18. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of them are governed by English law except for the provisions of 
Condition 4(b) (Status – Preferred Eligible Notes), Condition 4(c) (Status – Non-Preferred Eligible Notes) 
or Condition 4(d) (Status – Subordinated Notes), Condition 4(e) (No Set-off/Netting; No 
Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority) and Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers), to the extent they apply to the relevant Notes, and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of Romania.  
(b) 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes that the Courts of England shall 
have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") 
and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as 
the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that 
any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. The submission to the jurisdiction of the Courts 
of England shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Notes or of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Issuer agrees that the 
process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by being delivered to Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any 
address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Fiscal Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
19. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, 
each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:  
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes on a 
permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity or perpetual nature of the Notes (as 
applicable) or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or a default for any purpose. 
(d) 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent for information purposes. For avoidance of doubt, any delay or failure by the Issuer in 
delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 20(d) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of 
the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in 
the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
"SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018)].

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Banca Transilvania S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 549300RG3H390KEL8896  
EUR 1,500,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 23 September 2024 [and the supplemental 
base prospectus dated [date] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 November 2023, which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 23 September 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.  
The Base Prospectus has been published [Issuer's website]. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of Notes described herein.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer:
Banca Transilvania S.A. 
2.
[(i) Series Number:]
[●]
[(ii) Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii) Date on which Notes become
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [●]].] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●]  
 
[(i)] [Series]: 
[●]  
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]](in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]  
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or nearly 
equivalent in another currency) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] / [Interest Payment date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
(for floating rate notes, specify Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[EURIBOR / SONIA/ SOFR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption / Partly Paid / 
Instalment / [●] 
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[●] (Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there) / [Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call]  
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[See paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
13. Status of Notes: 
[Senior] 
[Preferred Eligible] 
[Non-Preferred Eligible] 
[Subordinated] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [, adjusted [for payment purposes only] 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day"]/, not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)") 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) /[●] other] 
 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[[●] / [●] in each year commencing on [●] up to and 
including [●]] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Insert if Index Determination is 
applicable) 
 
 
• Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback / Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
• Numerator 
[     ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place: 
[     ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[     ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] / [The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded 
from the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
(Insert if Index Determination not 
applicable) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
 
•  Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
•  Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
•  Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA or SOFR) / [●] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(ix)   
Determination Agent: 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[±][●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) 
 
(xiv) 
Observation 
Look-back   
Period: 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
 (xv)   "p"  
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days /[●] 
London Banking Days/ Not Applicable (If the Reference 
Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. If the Reference

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
 
Rate is SONIA, “p” should be a minimum of 5 London 
Banking Days.) 
 
 (xvi)   Compounded Daily   
SONIA: 
[Compounded SONIA with Lookback / Compounded 
SONIA with Observation Period Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
 (xvii)  Benchmark Replacement  
Fallback: 
Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement - Independent 
Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement – SOFR) is applicable 
 
(xviii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from the 
relevant ISDA definitions and as envisaged by the terms 
and conditions)  
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
[(v)] above and as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
-  
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[●]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[●]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) [Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero] / The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less 
than [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
[(xv) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the amount of 
interest payable for any Rate 
Adjustment under Condition 
6(e): ] 
[The [Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation 
Agent. 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] [30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
17. Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/ [●] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii)  Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate / CMT Rate 
 
(iii)  First Margin: 
[±][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv)  Subsequent Margin: 
[±][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(v)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(xxi)] 
 
(vi)  Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vii)  Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable 
 
(viii) First Reset Date: 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
17(xxi)] 
 
(ix) Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [●] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(xxi)] 
 
(x)  Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [●] [and [●]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(xxi)] 
 
(xi)  CMT Designated Maturity 
[●]/ Not Applicable 
 
(xii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) CMT Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Reset Reference Bond: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] / Not 
Applicable 
 
(xvi) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) Reference Rate 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
 
(xviii) Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(xix) Reset Reference Rate     
Conversion 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx)  Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi)   Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)  
 
(xxii)  Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions apply

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
 
 
(xxiii)   Reset Determination Time:  
[●] 
 
(xxiv)  Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No Adjustment 
 
(xxv)  Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
(xxvi)  Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR /SOFR / SONIA] 
 
 
(xxviii) Benchmark Replacement 
Fallback:  
 
Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement - Independent 
Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement – SOFR) is applicable 
 
(xxix)   "p"  
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days /[●] 
London Banking Days/ Not Applicable (if the 
Reference Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, “p” should be a minimum of 
5 London Banking Days.) 
 
(xxx) Compounded Daily SONIA:
 
 
[Compounded SONIA with Lookback / Compounded 
SONIA with Observation Period Shift / Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any date from and including [●] to but excluding 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/ [Make-whole 
Redemption Price]/ [(in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Dates falling on [●]/[in the period from 
and including [●]] 
 
[(iii) Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/ Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs(a) – (c) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
[(c) Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
[(d) Reference Dealers: 
[●]

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
 
 
[(e)  Par Redemption Date: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(iv) Early redemption as a result of 
a Withholding Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(b) 
(Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – Withholding 
Tax) apply. 
 
(iv) Early redemption as a result of 
a Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(c) (Early 
Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes as a 
result of a Tax Event) apply. 
 
(v) Early Redemption as a result of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(d) 
(Early Redemption of Preferred Eligible Notes or Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes or Subordinated Notes as a 
result of an MREL Disqualification Event) apply. 
 
(vi) MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Early redemption as a result of 
a Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(e) (Early 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a 
Capital Event) apply 
 
(vii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(viii) Notice period: 
[●] / [As per the Conditions] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] /[Any date from and including [●] to but excluding 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] / [As per the Conditions] 
20. Clean-up Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[●]] 
21. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[Par]/ [●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
 
22. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Condition 6 [6(b), 6(c), 6(d)] applies] 
(NB: No early redemption may take place save in the 
circumstances set out in the Conditions) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES 
23. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]  
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(NB: The exchange upon notice / at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination specified in item 6 above includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[EUR][100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR]1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR][199,000]”) 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited 
circumstances 
described 
in 
the 
Global 
Registered Note] 
(NB: The exchange upon notice / at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination specified in item 6 above includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[EUR][100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR]1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR][199,000]”) 
For NSS: 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure).] 
24. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]/[Not Applicable] 
25. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
 
Signed on behalf of Banca Transilvania S.A.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
 
 
Application has been/will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for Notes to be admitted to trading on Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin/with effect from [●]. 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
Ratings: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
/ [●] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)]. /[Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that Notes are capable of meeting 
them Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B)  Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[●] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; In the case of Bearer Notes) –
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]/[Financing/refinancing 
Eligible 
Loans 
determined 
in 
accordance with the Eligibility Criteria set out in accordance with 
the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework]

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus"] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
8. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
SUSTAINABLE NOTES 
 
 
Sustainable Notes 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
[Reviewer(s)] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name of third 
party assurance agent] and [give details of compliance opinion(s) 
and availability]] 
 
[Date of Second Party Opinion] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 134 ---
Page 134 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing 
purposes of the Issuer and meeting regulatory capital requirements or for such other purposes as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, including to finance 
and/or refinance green and/or social eligible loans (“Eligible Loans”) with a positive environmental and/or 
social benefit determined in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria set out in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework (“Sustainable Notes”), this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In such cases, the Final 
Terms will include the information required pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. The necessary disclosure will depend 
on the characteristics of the Notes in question and will follow ESMA guidance on sustainability disclosures.  
On 22 November 2023, the Issuer published its sustainable finance framework (as amended or updated 
from time to time, the "Sustainable Finance Framework"). The Sustainable Finance Framework is 
available 
at 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/corporate-
Governance/Sustainable-Finance-Framework/Framework-2023.pdfhttps://www.compass-
group.com/en/investors.html. 
The Sustainable Finance Framework includes detail around the process for project evaluation and selection, 
management of proceeds and reporting, among other things. Eligible Loans may be green, social or green 
and social. Green eligible categories include: green buildings (residential & commercial), renewable 
energy, clean transportation, environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land 
use. Social eligible categories include employment generation and programmes designed to alleviate 
unemployment, access to healthcare and access to education. Eligible Loans are expected to be selected by 
a dedicated sustainable finance working group, the initial composition of which and responsibilities are set 
out in the Sustainable Finance Framework. The net proceeds from Sustainable Notes are expected to be 
managed in a portfolio approach, as set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer intends to 
publish a report regarding the allocation of the proceeds to the portfolio of Eligible Loans and impact 
annually until full allocation or until maturity of the Sustainable Notes. 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics B.V. to assess the sustainability of the Sustainable Finance 
Framework by providing the opinion dated 22 November 2023 (as amended or updated from time to time 
the "Second Party Opinion"). Sustainalytics has reviewed the content of the Sustainable Finance 
Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, including the updated Appendix 
I of June 2022; ICMA Social Bond Principles 2023; ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021; 
LMA/APLMA/LSTA Green Loan Principles 2023 and LMA/APLAM/LSTA Social Loan Principles 2023. 
The Second Party Opinion is available at https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-
investitori/corporate-Governance/Sustainable-Finance-Framework/Second-Party-Opinion.pdf. 
The Issuer has also appointed Deloitte as external assurance provider regarding selected non-financial 
information included in the voluntary sustainability report prepared by the Issuer. 
To the extent that the Sustainable Finance Framework or Second Party Opinion are updated, amended, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn, the Issuer will publish such relevant information on its website, 
at 
https://it.bancatransilvania.ro/en/investor-relations/environment-social-governance/sustainable-
framework.  
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions or 
reports (including verification reports) or any past, current, future or amended Sustainable Finance 
Framework or Second Party Opinion does not form part of the Base Prospectus and should not be relied 
upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainable Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Trustee and/or the Second Party Opinion provider as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering 
of any Sustainable Notes under the Programme whether now or in the future. The Second Party Opinion 
and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of

--- Page 135 ---
Page 135 
 
any investment in any Sustainable Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Sustainable 
Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Sustainable 
Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. Any such 
opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Sustainable Notes 
issued as Sustainable Notes, nor the impact, verification or monitoring of such use of proceeds. See also 
“Risk Factors, Notes issued as Sustainable Notes” above.

--- Page 136 ---
Page 136 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note, references in the Conditions to 
"Holder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Bearer Note which, for so long as the Global 
Bearer Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, 
in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
to "Holder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a 
depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Bearer Note or a Global Registered Note 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Bearer Note or Global 
Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes 
are represented by a Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions 
as they apply to the Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note which, according 
to the Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and 
will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of Notes. On 
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Bearer Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of 
an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of 
payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(h) (Optional Early 
Redemption (Put)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written

--- Page 137 ---
Page 137 
 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(f) 
(Optional Early Redemption (Call)) in relation to some only of Notes, the Permanent Global Note or a 
Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions 
but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 14 (Notices), while all Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or 
Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.  
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note is 
held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer 
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of Notes outstanding (an 
"Electronic Consent" as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes 
(including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a 
meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders 
and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall, 
to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, be entitled to rely on consent or instructions 
given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements 
to such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For 
the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall, 
to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall, to the maximum extent 
allowed by applicable law, be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant 
consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of 
a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of 
such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or 
not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any 
such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Eurosystem Eligibility

--- Page 138 ---
Page 138 
 
If the Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued 
in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche, the Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes will be delivered to a common safekeeper 
and the relevant Final Terms will set out whether or not the Notes are intended to be held as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem 
eligible collateral"). 
Depositing the Global Bearer Notes or the Global Registered Notes intended to be held as Eurosystem 
eligible collateral with a common safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as Eurosystem eligible collateral either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
In the case of Notes issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be) which are not 
intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, such 
Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. Pursuant 
to Article 81a of Guideline (EU) 2015/510 (as amended) (the "General Framework"), (i) unsecured bank 
bonds ("UBBs") that are subject to statutory, contractual or structural subordination (for example, UBBs 
issued by bank holding companies such as the Issuer) became ineligible as collateral in the first quarter of 
2018 and (ii) UBBs that were eligible as collateral but no longer fulfil the new eligibility criteria have been 
ineligible as collateral since 1 January 2019.

--- Page 139 ---
Page 139 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. Introduction 
Summary information on the Issuer. 
The Issuer is both an operating company and the parent company of its corporate group. The Issuer together 
with its subsidiaries (as listed in the group structure in Section “Summary information on the BT Group” 
below) taken as a whole will be collectively named the "BT Group". The Issuer is a banking institution 
incorporated and organised as a joint-stock company under Romanian law. It is registered with the 
Romanian Trade Register Office under the number of J12/4155/1993 and is a Romanian tax resident. The 
Issuer’s corporate seat is in Cluj-Napoca, 30 – 36 Calea Dorobantilor, postal code 400117, Cluj-Napoca, 
Cluj county, Romania, with phone number +40 264 407 150 and fax +40 264 407 179. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a network of 513 units in Romania, of which 42 were branches, as 
well as a branch in Italy (the branch in Italy offers services such as current accounts, cards, loans and term 
deposits). As at 31 December 2022, it had 9,880 employees, out of whom 9,109 were active employees. As 
at 31 December 2023, the number of total employees of the Issuer increased to 10,283 and the number of 
active employees increased to 9,547, respectively, while the network decreased to 511 units in Romania, 
of which 42 were branches. As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer had a network of 512 units in Romania, of which 
42 were branches. As at 30 June 2024, it had a total number of employees of 10,321 of which 9,676 were 
active employees. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 December 1993 for an undetermined period and started its activity as a 
banking institution in 1994, being licensed by the National Bank of Romania (the "NBR").  
The Issuer pursues a universal banking model, comprising retail and wholesale banking operations, 
issuance of debit and credit cards, corporate, mortgage and consumer loans, money transfers and trade 
finance. It provides services to a broad client base that includes retail and business clients (both local and 
international). As at 31 December 2022, it had 3.9 million active customers (3.3 million of them being 
digitised customers), out of which approximately 3.5 million were individuals and 400,000 were legal 
entities. As at 31 December 2023, the number of active customers increased to 4.2 million (over 3.7 million 
being digitised customers), out of which approximately 3.8 million were individuals and over 453,000 were 
legal entities. As at 30 June 2024, the number of active customers was of 4.3 million of which 3.86 million 
were individuals and 0.47 million were legal entities, while the number of digitised customers increased to 
over 4.1 million. 
The Issuer is the leading bank in Romania with a 20.15 per cent. market share by total assets as of 31 
December 20231 and 20.27 per cent. market share by total assets as of 30 June 2024. In 2022, the Issuer 
was also the largest bank in Southeast Europe by total assets2 since 2018. The evolution of the market share 
of the Issuer from 2017 to 2023 per NBR data is shown in the chart below3:  
 
1Source: https://www.bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idDocument=45714&directLink=1     
2Source: https://top100.seenews.com/rankings/top-100-banks/  
3Source: https://www.bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idDocument=45714&directLink=1

--- Page 140 ---
Page 140 
 
 
The Issuer’s shares are listed in the "Premium Category" on the Main Market of the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange ("BSE") and are traded under the symbol TLV and ISIN ROTLVAACNOR1 and the Issuer’s 
shares are included in the main index of the BSE as well as other relevant BSE indexes. It is one of the two 
companies that first qualified Romania for its emerging market status in the FTSE Russell ranking in 20204. 
The Issuer was also awarded “CEE’s best bank for SMEs” in 20225 by the British magazine Euromoney 
after also holding the title of “Best Bank in Romania” in 2004, 2016, 2017, 2020, 20216 and 20237.  
The Issuer is placed in the "Low Risk category" of the Sustainalytics’ analysis related to ESG risk 
management, initiatives and performance, its ESG Risk Rating being 13.3, as updated in May 2024. In May 
2024, the Issuer was ranked at no. 92 out of 1037 banks globally, placing it in the top 9 per cent. of all 
companies analysed by Sustainalytics and in the top 9 per cent. of banks8.  
Further, in December 2022 the International Finance Corporate (“IFC”) recognised, through the Climate 
Assessment for Financial Institutions (“CAFI”) Awards for Climate Reporting, the Issuer’s and BT 
Leasing’s performance in the field of assessing the climate eligibility and measure the climate impact of its 
investments 9. The Issuer had the highest loan amount reported and most greenhouse gas emissions 
mitigated in CE in 2022, while BT Leasing was also a top performer with most transactions reported. The 
Issuer has further received the most greenhouse gas emissions mitigated recognition in Central Europe in 
2023 for its contribution to reducing the impact of greenhouse gas emissions by providing green finance to 
companies in Romania10.  
The Issuer was awarded in 2023 the Gold Level Recognition by Romania Corporate Sustainability and 
Transparency Index for its 2022 Sustainability Report 11. This recognition was awarded for the third 
consecutive year and is valid until November 2024. 
 
4 Source: https://research.ftserussell.com/products/downloads/FTSE_FAQ_Document_Romania.pdf  
5 Source: https://www.euromoney.com/article/2a3xg0e8mxmw6m7t7s7i8/awards/awards-for-excellence/cees-best-bank-for-smes-
2022-banca-transilvania 
6 Source: https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/news/comunicate-de-presa/banca-transilvania-best-bank-in-romania-recunoastere-din-
partea-publicatiei-euromoney?fbclid=IwAR0aTp28muKsi2r8LITpRuMOf6yEpg-SJaLj_GwqXhngmIi7Q3cV6jsqDf4  
7 Source: https://en.bancatransilvania.ro/news/noutati/bt-fost-desemnata-best-bank-si-best-bank-smes-romania-de-catre-euromoney  
8 Source: https://www.sustainalytics.com/esg-rating/banca-transilvania-sa/1015958290  
9 Source: https://pressroom.ifc.org/all/pages/PressDetail.aspx?ID=27353  
10 Source: https://pressroom.ifc.org/all/pages/PressDetail.aspx?ID=27894  
11Source: https://en.bancatransilvania.ro/news/noutati/bt-una-dintre-companiile-cu-cel-mai-mare-ranking-al-sustenabilitatii

--- Page 141 ---
Page 141 
 
The Issuer also obtained a 78 /100 ESG score from Refinitiv, a London Stock Exchange Group Company12. 
This score places it on the 75nd position (with a 69 environment score, 77 social score and 84 governance 
score) out of 1,127 assessed banking services companies in the world and is the best ESG rating achieved 
by a rated company in Romania. In 2023 the Issuer obtained for the fifth consecutive year a maximum 
Vektor rating (10 out of 10) for communication with investors, following the evaluation of the Association 
for Investor Relations on the Romanian Stock Exchange13, being also awarded the prize for communication 
by an issuer with financial journalists14.  
The Issuer has also been included by Brandfinance in the top 500 most valuable brands in the world, ranked 
252 in 2024 (up forty-four places compared to 2023), with a brand value of USD 686.5 million15 (compared 
to USD 513 million in 2022). It is also ranked 3 of Top 10 Strongest Banking Brands Worldwide, with a 
Brand Strength Index (BSI) of 92.3/10016.  
The Issuer is also awarded with an ESG rating of 3.5 following the FTSE Russell assessment. 
In November 2023, Moody’s published the following ratings for the Issuer17: 
Long-term and short-term deposits: 
Baa2/P-2 
Long-term and short-term issuers: 
Baa3/P-3 
Long and short-term counterparty risk ratings 
(CRR): 
Baa1/P-2 
Basic Credit Assessment (BCA): 
ba1 and an adjusted BCA 
Counterparty risk (CR) assessments: 
Baa2(cr)/P-2(cr) 
Outlook on long-term ratings: 
Stable 
On 5 December 2023, Fitch published the following ratings for the Issuer18:  
Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR): 
BB+ 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: 
B 
Viability Rating:  
bb+ 
Rating outlook: 
Stable 
 
12 Source: https://www.refinitiv.com/en/sustainable-finance/esg-scores  
13 Source: https://ir-romania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/30-January-2024-VEKTOR-by-ARIR-Results-for-2023-were-
published.pdf  
14 Source: https://m.bvb.ro/AboutUs/MediaCenter/PressItem/Bursa-de-Valori-Bucuresti-a-premiat-performerii-anului-bursier-2023-
in-cadrul-evenimentului-anual-care-premiaza-excelenta-pe-piata-de-capital-din-Romania/5983  
15 Source: https://en.bancatransilvania.ro/news/comunicate-de-presa/brand-finance-banking-500-2023-valoarea-brandului-banca-
transilvania-trece-de-500-de-milioane-usd  
16 Source: https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/news/comunicate-de-presa/evaluarea-brand-finance-banking-500-2024-banca-
transilvania-este-al-treilea-cel-mai-puternic-brand-bancar-din-lume   
17
 Source: 
https://en.bancatransilvania.ro/news/comunicate-de-presa/banca-transilvania-la-prima-evaluare-din-partea-agentiei-
internationale-de-rating-moodys  
18 Source: https://www.fitchratings.com/research/banks/fitch-affirms-banca-transilvania-at-bb-outlook-stable-05-12-
2023#:~:text=Fitch%20Ratings%20%2D%20Warsaw%20%2D%2005%20Dec,VR)%20at%20%27bb%2B%27

--- Page 142 ---
Page 142 
 
As at 30 June 2024, compared to 30 June 2023, and as at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 
2022, the Issuer and BT Group had on a separate and on a consolidated basis, the following key financial 
indicators: 
In 
RON, 
thousands  
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
 
BT Group 
Issuer 
BT Group 
Issuer 
BT Group 
Issuer 
BT Group 
Issuer 
Total assets 
169,169,225 161,784,971 140,510,795 133,960,229 177,893,691 169,168,045 153,068,099 144,567,877 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
72,008,224 
71,550,404 
65,200,920 
63,449,954 
74,205,293 
75,074,430 
66,446,951 
65,092,069 
Deposits from 
customers 
138,052,954 134,443,350 119,731,729 116,503,842 142,671,139 139,022,502 127,426,948 122,445,887 
Total 
equity 
attributable to 
equity holders 
of the Issuer 
13,223,992 
11,829,366 
8,918,866 
7,958,177 
14,211,927 
12,569,149 
11,671,791 
10,452,094 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and 2022 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for 
the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
Summary information on the BT Group 
The following diagram illustrates the members of the BT Group as at 30 June 2024:

--- Page 143 ---
Page 143

--- Page 144 ---
Page 144 
 
 
 
The BT Group is a Romanian banking and financial group consisting of the Issuer and 24 fully 
consolidated subsidiaries as at 30 June 2024. In addition, on 30 July 2024, the Issuer has finalised the 
acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares in OTP Bank Romania. As at 30 June 2024, the BT Group had 
12,201 active employees, up from 11,841 as at 31 December 2023 and from 11,374 as at 30 June 2023. 
The Issuer is the main operating company, accounting for 96 per cent. of the total assets of the BT Group 
and for 83 per cent. of the BT Group’s net profit, both as at 31 December 2023 and excluding intra-group 
transactions. The Issuer accounted for 95 per cent. of the total assets of the BT Group and for 84 per cent. 
of the BT Group’s net profit, both as at 30 June 2024 and excluding intra-group transactions and balances. 
The total assets of the BT Group and of the Issuer, respectively, as at 30 June 2024 compared to 30 June 
2023, and as at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 2022 are set out in the table below (amounts 
in RON thousands and consolidated in respect of the BT Group). 
Total assets 
(in RON thousands 
and percentages of 
total) 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
BT Group 
169,169,225 
140,510,795 
177,893,691 
153,068,099 
Issuer 
161,784,971, 
representing 
95.63 per cent. of 
BT Group’s total 
assets 
133,960,229, 
representing 
95.34 per cent. of 
BT Group’s total 
assets 
169,168,045, 
representing 95.1 
per cent. of BT 
Group’s 
total 
assets 
144,567,877, 
representing 
94.45 per cent. of 
BT Group’s total 
assets 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and 2022 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
The table below shows the breakdown and structure of the total assets at BT Group level as at 31 
December 2023 and 30 June 2024: 
 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
 
Total assets 
(in RON, thousand) 
169,169,225 
177,893,691 
Customer loans (including loans and 
advances to customers and finance lease 
receivables) 
75,570,907 
78,788,360 
Securities (including financial assets 
measured at fair value through other 
items of comprehensive income plus 
debt instruments at amortised cost plus 
derivatives plus financial assets held for 
trading 
plus 
non-trading 
financial 
assets) 
51,775,442 
61,043,939 
Cash and current accounts with Central 
Banks 
24,252,600 
27,131,184 
Placements with banks and public 
institutions 
12,272,959 
5,104,958 
Property and equipment and investment 
property 
1,278,903 
1,375,501 
Other assets 
4,018,414 
4,449,749

--- Page 145 ---
Page 145 
 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six 
months period ended on 30 June 2024 
 
The table below shows the breakdown and structure of the total liabilities and equity at BT Group level 
as at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024: 
 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
(in RON, thousand) 
169,169,225 
177,893,691 
Customer deposits 
138,052,954 
142,671,139 
Equity 
13,896,508 
14,992,081 
Loans from banks and financial 
institutions 
9,548,567 
10,132,577 
Subordinated liabilities 
2,423,218 
2,411,832 
Other financial liabilities 
2,521,170 
5,128,888 
Other liabilities 
2,726,808 
2,557,174 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six 
months period ended on 30 June 2024 
The following table sets out the net profit of the BT Group and the Issuer respectively as at 30 June 2024 
compared to 30 June 2023, and as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (amounts in RON 
thousands and consolidated in respect of the BT Group). 
Net Profit 
(in 
RON 
thousands 
and 
percentages 
of 
total) 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
BT Group 
2,984,230 
(after 
applying 
a 
tax 
expense of RON 
721,733 thousand) 
2,488,417 
(after 
applying 
a 
tax 
expense of RON 
312,636 thousand) 
2,145,945 
(after 
applying 
a 
tax 
expense of RON 
357,496 thousand) 
1,581,667 
(after 
applying 
a 
tax 
expense of RON 
351,928 thousand) 
Issuer 
2,490,572, 
representing 83.46 
per cent. of BT’s 
Group net profit 
2,177,999, 
representing 87.53 
per cent. of BT’s 
Group net profit 
1,810,147, 
representing 84.35 
per cent. of BT’s 
Group net profit 
1,268,967, 
representing 80.23 
per cent. of BT’s 
Group net profit 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and 2022 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
The following table sets out the key expenses of the BT Group as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 
2023 and as at 30 June 2024 compared to 30 June 2023 on a consolidated basis:  
Key expenses 
(RON, 
thousand) 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
Personnel 
expenses 
1,967,518 
1,655,533 
1,166,157 
979,405

--- Page 146 ---
Page 146 
 
Depreciation 
and 
amortization 
450,548 
392,996 
241,632 
218,251 
Other 
operating 
expenses 
1,087,845 
935,219 
742,571 
496,661 
Net 
expense 
from 
impairment 
allowance, 
expected 
losses 
on 
assets, 
provisions for 
other risks and 
loan 
commitments  
513,088 
495,155 
54,950 
47,547 
Income tax 
721,733 
312,636 
357,496 
351,928 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and 2022 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
The total net income of the BT Group as at 30 June 2024, 31 December 2023, 30 June 2023 and 31 
December 2023 was as follows:  
BT 
Group, 
RON 
thousand 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
Net interest 
income 
5,256,680 
4,426,659 
3,124,445 
2,528,513 
Net fee and 
commission 
income 
1,267,647 
1,167,832 
696,000 
606,707 
Operating 
income 
7,724,962 
6,279,956 
4,575,599 
3,675,459 
Net 
trading 
income 
657,016 
686,070 
477,770 
328,923 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and 2022 and Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
In addition, the trading and other operating income19, on a consolidated level, was RON 755.2 million as 
of 30 June 2024, RON 1,200.6 million as of 31 December 2023 and RON 685.5 million as of 31 
December 2022. 
As at 31 December 2023, the net fees and commissions ratio of the average customer deposits on a 
consolidated basis reached 0.95 per cent. compared to 1.03 per cent. in 2022 and 0.97 per cent. in 2021. 
 
19 Includes: net trading income, net loss/gain from assets measured at FVOCI, net loss/gain from assets measures at FVPL, 
contribution to the Deposits Guarantee Fund and Resolution Fund and other operating income.

--- Page 147 ---
Page 147 
 
The net fees and commission for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, as a ratio of the average 
customer deposits reached 0.99 per cent., on a consolidated basis. 
The BT Group’s main fields of activity are:  
(a) banking services, carried out: 
(i) in Romania, by the Issuer, Salt Bank S.A. (previously Idea Bank S.A.) and OTP Bank 
Romania S.A.;  
(ii) in the Republic of Moldova, by Victoriabank S.A. and BCR Chișinău; and 
(iii) in Italy, through the Issuer’s branch; 
(b) leasing, microfinancing and consumer finance, carried out: 
(i) in Romania mainly by BT Leasing Transilvania IFN S.A., Avant Leasing IFN S.A. (former 
Idea Leasing IFN S.A.), BT Direct IFN S.A., BT Microfinanţare IFN S.A. and OTP Leasing 
Romania IFN S.A.; and  
(ii) in the Republic of Moldova, by BT Leasing MD S.R.L.; 
(c) asset management, carried out only in Romania by BT Asset Management S.A.I. S.A.; 
(d) brokerage and investment services, carried out via BT Capital Partners S.A.;  
(e) pension funds management, carried out by BT Pensii S.A.;  
(f) insurance agents and brokers, carried out by 5 insurance brokers and agents; 
(g) development of custom software, carried out by Code Crafters by BT S.R.L.;  
(h) debt collection, carried out by Improvement Credit Collection S.R.L. and OTP Factoring S.R.L.; 
(i) 
credit intermediation services by OTP Advisors S.R.L;  
(j) 
consulting services in relation to financings by OTP Consulting S.R.L.; and 
(k) alternative investment funds, carried out via BT Property Alternative Investment Real Estate Fund, 
BT Invest 1 Alternative Investment Fund and BT Invest Alternative Investment Fund (BT Property 
Alternative Investment Real Estate Fund and BT Invest 1 Alternative Investment Fund are included 
in the accounting consolidation perimeter, but not in the prudential consolidation perimeter, while 
BT Invest Alternative Investment Fund is neither included in the accounting consolidation 
perimeter, nor in the prudential consolidation perimeter). 
Starting in April 2023, the Issuer, through BT Property Alternative Investment Real Estate Fund, 
established a new company, BTP One S.R.L. (which leases and subleases immovable property) and, 
since May 2024, BT Property Alternative Investment Real Estate Fund has acquired control in BTP Store 
Hub Turda S.R.L. (former Funshop Park Turda S.R.L.) (retail park). 
In May 2024, the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of BRD Societate de Administrare a 
Fondurilor de Pensii Private S.A., a Romanian company part of Groupe Société Générale S.A., carrying 
out the businesses of management of pillar III pension funds (facultative private pension funds) and the 
management of pillar II pension funds (mandatory private pension funds ) through the management of 
two pension funds. The transaction is currently pending approval from the Romanian Financial 
Supervisory Authority and the Romanian Foreign Direct Investment Commission. 
Below is a short description of the most material subsidiaries of the Issuer.  
OTP Bank Romania S.A. 
OTP Bank Romania S.A. (“OTP Bank Romania”) is a Romanian banking institution established in 
2004, as part of OTP Group, one of the leading financial groups in Central and Eastern Europe.  
On 30 July 2024, the Issuer finalised the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares in OTP Bank Romania. 
The other subsidiaries acquired by the Issuer as part of the same transaction are OTP Leasing Romania 
IFN S.A., OTP Factoring S.R.L. (which holds 100 per cent. of the shares in Govoka Project Company

--- Page 148 ---
Page 148 
 
S.R.L. and REA Project One Company S.R.L.), OTP Consulting Romania S.R.L., OTP Advisors S.R.L. 
and OTP Bank Foundation Romania. The acquisition of OTP Asset Management Romania SAI S.A. 
(which is part of the transaction perimeter) has not been completed yet, pending approval from the 
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority.  
As of 30 July 2024, OTP Bank Romania served approximately 420,000 retail customers and more than 
22,000 corporate / SME customers, having a number of 1,800 employees, and a network of 96 branches.  
As at 31 December 2023, the net interest margin of the OTP Group in Romania was of 3.2 per cent. As 
at 31 December 2023, the market share of the main OTP companies acquired by the Issuer are as follows: 
OTP Bank Romania has a market share of 2.8 per cent. and OTP Leasing Romania has a market share of 
3.1 per cent., while in terms of net assets, OTP Bank Romania registered RON 19.9 billion total assets, 
OTP Leasing Romania registered RON 865 billion total assets and OTP Asset Management Romania 
registered RON 515 billion total assets. 
Until the completion of the integration processes, the two banks and their respective subsidiaries will 
operate as separate entities.  
Salt Bank S.A. (formerly Idea Bank S.A.) 
Salt Bank S.A. (“Salt Bank”) is a Romanian banking institution established in 1998 under the name Idea 
Bank S.A., which was acquired by the BT Group in October 2021. 
The banking and financial services provided by Idea Bank include current accounts, deposit-taking, 
lending, day-to-day financing, medium- and long-term financing, letters of guarantee and documentary 
credits, internal payment services, and foreign exchange, foreign exchange operations, storage services.  
In May 2024, as a rebranding initiative of the former Idea Bank S.A., Salt Bank was launched, being the 
first 100 per cent. Romanian neobank. It is the first fully digital (without banking units) bank “made in 
Romania”, thus offering banking services to customers only through digital channels. Concretely, it 
offers its services through a mobile banking application (and wallet). As an element of differentiation 
compared to other neo-banks or fintechs that offer such platforms, Salt Bank offers customer support 
services through its own call center. 
During 2023, Salt Bank only operated online (the network of 33 branches existing as at 31 December 
2022 being currently closed). As at 31 December 2023, Salt Bank had 179 employees and total assets of 
RON 1,770,598,000 on a separate basis.  
As at 30 June 2024, Salt Bank had significantly increased its number of employees to 261, while the 
value of total assets decreased to RON 821,000,000 on a separate basis. 
The decrease registered at the level of its net assets both at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 are due 
to the assignment of leasing receivables to Avant Leasing IFN S.A. and, respectively, due to the decrease 
of its non-performant loans portfolio through derecognition or sale to third parties, thus focusing on its 
launch as digital bank. 
Victoriabank S.A. 
As of 30 June 2023, Victoriabank S.A. (“Victoriabank”) is Moldova’s third-largest lender with over 30 
years of activity, with a market share of 14 per cent. based on total assets20. Victoriabank is one of the 
most recognised brands in the Republic of Moldova. 
 
20 Source: https://www.bnm.md/bdi/pages/reports/drsb/DRSB5.xhtml

--- Page 149 ---
Page 149 
 
The Issuer has a direct and indirect shareholding of 44.63 per cent. in Victoriabank and together with 
EBRD holds 72.19 per cent. of Victoriabank’s share capital through a stake of 61.82 per cent. of VB 
Investment Holding BV, a joint venture vehicle set up together with EBRD.  
The priorities of the Issuer for Victoriabank are to support the business environment in Moldova, 
especially the SME and microenterprise sector, and to develop a wider range of products and services 
for retail clients, while enhancing the relevant corporate governance standards in line with those of the 
BT Group Victoriabank is the first credit institution that brought cards, ATMs, POS and contactless 
payments with electronic devices to the Republic of Moldova and continues to deploy digital capabilities 
to the benefit of its customer base and to invest in digital platforms, products and services.  
In 15 January 2024, Victoriabank S.A. Chisinau acquired 100 per cent. of the share package in BCR 
Chisinau S.A.. The Victoriabank S.A. subsidiary is controlled by Banca Transilvania S.A., therefore, 
starting from this date, Banca Transilvania S.A. also holds control in BCR Chisinau S.A. In the period 
of 6 months until 30 June 2024, BCR Chisinau S.A. contributed with a loss of RON 2.63 million to the 
Group's results. As at 30 June 2024, Victoriabank reported total assets on a separate basis of RON 5.7 
billion, had over 316,000 active customers and 24 branches and 38 agencies throughout Moldova.  
BT Microfinantare IFN S.A. 
BT Microfinantare IFN S.A. (“BT Mic”) is a Romanian non-banking financial institution dedicated to 
the financing of small businesses, including start-ups, which complements the Issuer’s role in supporting 
Romanian entrepreneurs. It addresses entrepreneurs with a turnover of up to 1 million lei, regardless of 
business sector and form of organisation. 
BT Mic is the largest microfinance company in Romania, currently working with more than 20,000 small 
businesses in 4,100 localities and 450 sectors of activities to support and develop day-to-day business, 
purchase goods, pay suppliers, invest in and/or open new outlets, purchase machinery, equipment and 
tools, etc. 
BT Mic together with the Issuer play a significant role in the development of the entrepreneurial 
ecosystem in Romania, the most recent initiative being STUP, a physical and virtual space dedicated to 
supporting the entrepreneur community with almost 27,000 members (including 4,500 entrepreneurs). 
BT Mic and the Issuer have created the necessary infrastructure to connect entrepreneurs with providers 
of services and products for setting up, running and managing a business. The initiative includes events 
for entrepreneurs and future entrepreneurs, to enhance the financial and entrepreneurial education in 
Romania. 
As at 31 December 2023, it had 253 active employees and reported RON 0.95 billion in total assets. As 
at 30 June 2024, the number of active employees increased to 277 and BT Mic reported RON 1.1 billion 
in total assets. 
BT Leasing Transilvania IFN S.A. 
BT Leasing Transilvania IFN S.A. (“BT Leasing”) is a Romanian non-banking financial institution, 
offering leasing solutions for a wide range of vehicles and equipment mostly to corporate clients. In 2019 
BT Leasing bonds debuted on the Bucharest Stock Exchange, making it the second BT Group company 
to use the financing mechanisms of the Bucharest Stock Exchange. 
In June 2022, the Issuer acquired 100 per cent. of Tiriac Leasing IFN S.A. (“Tiriac Leasing”), one of 
the leading players in the vehicle and equipment leasing market in Romania, which at 31 December 2022 
registered total assets of RON 1,073 million on a separate basis. As at 31 December 2022, Tiriac Leasing 
was servicing 10,143 active customers and it had 107 employees. In August 2022, the Issuer’s stake in 
Tiriac Leasing was transferred to BT Leasing, to facilitate the merger of the two entities. On 1 January

--- Page 150 ---
Page 150 
 
2023 the merger through which BT Leasing absorbed Tiriac Leasing became effective; the leasing 
business being thus consolidated within BT Group.  
As at 31 December 2023, BT Leasing was servicing 26,195 active customers and had 305 employees. 
As at 31 December 2023, BT Leasing had total assets of RON 3,806 million (RON 1,843,621,955 as at 
31 December 2022) on a separate basis. As at 30 June 2024, the number of active customers was 35,709, 
while the reported total assets were valued at RON 5,090,470,730.  
BT Direct IFN S.A. 
BT Direct IFN S.A. is a Romanian non-banking financial institution dedicated to providing consumer 
loans to private individual customers.  
As at 31 December 2023, it had over 231,200 customers, serviced by 187 employees and total assets of 
RON 960 million (RON 734 million as at 31 December 2022). As at 30 June 2024, it had over 237,000 
active customers, serviced by 196 active employees and total assets of RON 1 billion (RON 0.8 billion 
as at 30 June 2023). 
BT Capital Partners S.A. 
BT Securities S.A. was established in 2003, following the change in the name and registered office of 
Transilvania Capital Invest S.A. 
At the beginning of 2016, BT Securities S.A, the brokerage company of the BT Group, became BT 
Capital Partners S.A., after taking over the investment banking activity of Capital Partners, the most 
important independent consulting Romanian company in the field of mergers and acquisitions and 
corporate finance, thus becoming an exclusive member of Oaklins International, one of the largest global 
alliances of independent companies in the field of mergers and acquisitions. 
In its new formulation, BT Capital Partners S.A. provides consulting services for fund raising on capital 
markets, consultancy on mergers and acquisitions, brokerage services, structuring of complex financing 
schemes and strategic management counselling, market research and strategic advisory. 
As at 31 December 2023, BT Capital Partners S.A. had 57 active employees, 9 working units and total 
assets under custody of RON 0.51 billion (RON 0.34 billion as at 31 December 2022). As at 30 June 
2024, BT Capital Partners S.A. had 58 active employees, 10 working units and total assets under custody 
of RON 17.98 billion (RON 10.5 billion as at 30 June 2023). 
BT Asset Management SAI S.A. 
BT Asset Management SAI S.A. is the open-ended and closed-ended investment management company 
of the BT Group, authorised by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority. It offers a full range of 
investment products, from fixed income funds, mixed funds and index funds, to equity funds and a real 
estate fund as an alternative savings and investment option.  
Access to the capital market is provided to customers through investments in Romania, Europe and the 
USA, through RON, EUR, USD and GBP investments. 
As at 31 December 2023, it had 147,564 customers, out of which 146,304 private individuals and 1,260 
legal entities, as well as 42 employees. As of 31 December 2023, BT Asset Management SAI S.A. is the 
largest asset management administrator in Romania with net assets under management of over RON 
4.527 billion and a market share of 19.70 per cent. As at 30 June 2024, it had 189,790 customers, out of 
which 188,474 private individuals and 1,316 legal entities, as well as 43 employees. As of 30 June 2024, 
BT Asset Management SAI S.A. is one of the top asset management administrators in Romania with net 
assets under management of over RON 5.488 billion and a market share of 21 per cent.

--- Page 151 ---
Page 151 
 
On 23 May 2024, the Group acquired, through the BT Property Alternative Investment Real Estate Fund, 
100 per cent. of the shares in BTP Store Hub Turda S.R.L. (former Funshop Park Turda S.R.L.) (retail 
park). 
BT Pensii S.A. 
BT Pensii S.A. manages the optional pension fund Pensia Mea (My Pension), being the only Romanian 
company for the management of optional pension funds.  
As at 31 December 2023, there were over 51,495 participants in the pension fund managed by BT Pensii 
S.A., with managed funds amounting to EUR 43.78 million (RON 217.8 million). As at 30 June 2024, 
there were over 64,300 participants in the pension fund managed by BT Pensii S.A., with managed funds 
amounting to EUR 51.7 million (RON 257 million). 
BT Leasing MD S.R.L. 
BT Leasing MD S.R.L., is the first company opened by the Issuer directly in the Republic of Moldova 
and continues to be the market leader in terms of the leasing portfolio size21. 
As at 31 December 2023, it had 1,688 active customers and 38 employees. Its profit as at 31 December 
2023 was RON 6.5 million. As at 30 June 2024, the number of active customer decreased to 1,600 (with 
2,100 active leasing agreements), while the number of employees was 41 and the profit amounted to 
EUR 0.65 million. 
Improvement Credit Collection S.R.L. 
Improvement Credit Collection S.R.L. was set-up in 2013. Its main activity is debt collection, through 
both extra-judicial and judicial proceedings.  
As at 31 December 2023, Improvement Credit Collection S.R.L. had a net profit of RON 9.2 million, 
while as at 30 June 2024 its net profit amounted to RON 7,028,320 (RON 5,862,272 for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2023).  
2. Share capital and shareholders 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s issued and subscribed share capital was of RON 7,986,582,330 divided 
into 798,658,233 ordinary shares with a nominal value of RON 10 each.  
On 25 April 2024, the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer decided to increase the 
Issuer’s share capital by the amount of RON 1,182,216,130 by issuing a number of 118,221,613 new 
shares, with a nominal value of RON 10/share. The increase of the share capital was achieved by 
incorporating the reserves constituted from the net profit of the year 2023, in the amount of RON 
1,182,216,130, by issuing a number of 118,221,613 shares with a nominal value of RON 10/share, for 
the benefit of shareholders registered in the shareholders' register held by the Central Depository on the 
registration date set by the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders as of 19 July 2024.  
The Issuer’s share capital after the share capital increase is RON 9,168,798,460, divided into 916,879,846 
shares, each with a nominal value of RON 10. The completion of the legal procedures regarding this 
increase and the allocation of new shares to the shareholders produced effects starting on 22 July 2024. 
 
21 Source: https://www.cnpf.md/ro/organizatii-de-creditare-nebancara-6456.html.

--- Page 152 ---
Page 152 
 
The ordinary shares of the Issuer all have the same nominal value and bestow to the shareholders the 
same rights in respect of the Issuer.  
The shares of the Issuer are listed in the “Premium Category” on the Main Market of the BSE, with a 
market capitalisation of EUR 5.3 billion, as at 30 June 202422. 
The shareholding structure of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 is set out in the table 
below. 
Shareholder 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
% 
% 
NN Group*  
9.36 
9.37 
European 
Bank 
for 
Reconstruction 
and 
Development (EBRD) 
6.87 
6.88 
Romanian individuals 
22.37 
23.51 
Romanian companies 
45.13 
44.20 
Foreign individuals 
1.09 
1.11 
Foreign companies 
15.18 
14.93 
Total  
100.00% 
100.00% 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 and the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the 
six months period ended on 30 June 2024. 
* NN Group N.V. and the pension funds managed by NN Pensii SAFPAP S.A. and NN Asigurari de Viata 
S.A. 
3. History 
The Issuer was set up in 16 December 1993 in Cluj-Napoca, one of the largest towns in Romania, at the 
initiative of a group of business people. The initial team comprised 13 people. The entrepreneurial spirit 
of its founders led to the growth and consolidation of the Issuer, initially in Cluj-Napoca and later at 
regional and national level.  
The Issuer’s banking activity was originally focused on the SME sector. Due to market demand, it shortly 
also expanded to cover the retail sector as well.  
In 1997 the Issuer became the first banking institution listed on the Bucharest Stock Exchange. In 1999 
the Issuer also entered into the first collaboration of the Issuer with EBRD to support local SMEs and in 
2001 EBRD became shareholder of the Issuer with an initial participation of 15 per cent. 
Between 2002 and 2008 the Issuer accelerated its nationwide expansion, in parallel with the consolidation 
of the BT Group as a financial group. Within this timeframe, the Issuer increased its number of locations 
from 40 to 500 locations throughout Romania. After having successfully adapted its business model to 
meet the challenges of the international financial crisis, in 2004 the Issuer entered the top 10 banking 
institutions in Romania by total assets. 
 
22 Source: https://bvb.ro/FinancialInstruments/SelectedData/Indicators

--- Page 153 ---
Page 153 
 
Further to its organic growth, by the end of 2011 the Issuer entered the top 3 banking institutions in 
Romania by total assets23.  
In 2013 the Issuer opened a branch in Italy, which began its operational activity in 2014.  
Since then, the BT Group’s growth continued not only via organic means but also via several acquisitions, 
as further presented in “Proven track record in acquiring and integrating other companies” of Strength 
section below.  
In 2015 the Issuer acquired Volksbank Romania S.A. Further to its merger into the Issuer, the Issuer’s 
total number of employees reached approximately 7,300.  
In 2016, through its subsidiary, BT Capital Partners S.A. (the former BT Securities S.A.), the BT Group 
took over the investment banking activity of Capital Partners, Romania’s leading independent consulting 
firm in the field of M&A and Corporate Finance. Following the take-over of the Capital Partners brand 
and team, BT Securities S.A. became BT Capital Partners S.A.  
The consolidation of the Issuer’s market share and strength as a local and regional player continued in 
2018 with the acquisition of Bancpost S.A. (“Bancpost”), together with ERB Retail Services IFN S.A. 
and ERB Leasing IFN S.A. Following this transaction, the Issuer became the owner of 99.15 per cent. 
shares in the acquired companies. On 31 December 2018 Bancpost was merged into the Issuer, while its 
subsidiaries, BT Direct IFN S.A. and BT Leasing IFN S.A. merged with each of ERB Retail Services 
IFN S.A. and, respectively, ERB Leasing IFN S.A. 
Further to the acquisition, in 2018 the Issuer became the largest banking institution in Romania24 and the 
largest bank in the South East Europe (“SEE”)25, in both cases by total assets.  
In 2018 the Issuer also became the main shareholder of Victoriabank, one of the main banks in the 
Republic of Moldova. It was the first time in the past 14 years that a bank outside the Republic of 
Moldova had invested in this market. The Issuer has a direct and indirect shareholding of 44.63 per cent. 
in Victoriabank and together with EBRD holds 72.19 per cent. of Victoriabank’ share capital through a 
stake of 61.82 per cent. of VB Investment Holding BV, a joint venture vehicle set up together with EBRD.  
In addition, in June 2018 the Issuer sold its operational leasing subsidiary, BT Operational Leasing S.R.L., 
to Autonom Rent a Car, the largest rental company in Romania.  
The BT Group further expanded its financial services portfolio by acquiring in 2019 Certinvest Pensii 
S.A., a company authorised as a pension fund manager. In June 2020 Certinvest Pensii was rebranded to 
become BT Pensii S.A. 
The BT Group managed to adapt its activities and business to the pandemic challenges and reached 
another growth milestone in 2021, through the acquisition from the Getin Group of Idea Bank S.A. 
(currently Salt Bank S.A.) and the other companies operating under the Idea brand in Romania (Idea 
Investments S.A. (currently Idea Investments S.R.L.), Idea Leasing IFN S.A. (currently Avant Leasing 
IFN S.A.), Idea Broker de Asigurari S.R.L. (currently BT Broker de Asigurare S.R.L.)). Idea Bank S.A. 
has not been and is not currently intended to be merged into the Issuer, being rebranded in May 2024 as 
Salt Bank S.A., the first 100 per cent. Romanian neobank. It is the first fully digital (without banking 
units) bank “made in Romania”, thus offering banking services to customers only through digital 
channels. 
 
23 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idInfoClass=6874&idDocument=13516&directLink=1. 
24 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/PublicationDocuments.aspx?icid=6874 
25 Source: https://top100.seenews.com/downloads/

--- Page 154 ---
Page 154 
 
In 2022, the Issuer sold its participation of 51.12 per cent. in Timesafe S.R.L., the developer of an online 
invoice payment solution, to Mozaik Investments.  
The BT Group further consolidated its position on the leasing market through the acquisition in June 
2022 by the Issuer from Molesey Holdings Limited and Hyundai Auto Romania S.R.L. of 100 per cent. 
in the share capital of Tiriac Leasing (one of the leading players on the vehicle and equipment leasing 
market in Romania), which was merged into BT Leasing with effect from 1 January 2023. 
In March 2023, Banca Comercială Română S.A. and Victoriabank have come to an agreement for the 
full sale of the shares held by Banca Comercială Română S.A. in the subsidiary BCR Chișinău S.A. The 
completion of the transaction took place on 15 January 2024 and BCR Chișinău S.A. is currently in the 
process of being integrated into Victoriabank network. 
On 9 February 2024 the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares 
in OTP Bank Romania S.A., the transaction being completed on 30 July 2024. As part of the transaction 
pursuant to which OTP Bank Romania has been acquired, the Issuer has also acquired other companies 
within the OTP Romania Group as part of the same transaction (including OTP Leasing Romania IFN 
S.A.). The acquisition of OTP Asset Management SAI S.A. (which is part of the transaction perimeter) 
has not been completed yet, pending approval from the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority.  
In May 2024, the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of BRD Societate de Administrare a 
Fondurilor de Pensii Private S.A., a Romanian company part of Groupe Société Générale S.A., carrying 
out the businesses of management of pillar III pension funds (facultative private pension funds) and the 
management of pillar II pension funds (mandatory private pension funds ) through the management of 
two pension funds. The transaction is currently pending approval from the Romanian Financial 
Supervisory Authority and the Romanian Foreign Direct Investment Commission. 
4. 
Strengths 
Market leadership and robust growth in dynamic and promising economy. 
The Issuer is the largest bank in its main market of operation, Romania with total assets of RON 169.17 
billion at 30 June 2024 and a market share by total assets in 2023 of 20.15 per cent.26 Through other 
entities in the BT Group, the Issuer is also one of the leading participants in Romania in leasing, consumer 
finance, asset management, pension funds and financial services intermediation. Since 2018, the Issuer 
also holds a control position in Victoriabank, the fourth largest bank in Moldova. Romania is a relatively 
large (with 19.0 million people in 2023, the second largest in CEE after Poland27) and rapidly growing 
market, its compound annual growth rates (“CAGR”) of the gross domestic product (“GDP”)28 in the 
period from 2018 to 2023, at 2.8 per cent., outpacing significantly the EU average CAGR for the same 
period, of 1.5 per cent.29. The Romanian economy presented a high degree of resilience in the context of 
the overlapping shocks since 2020, continuing the EU convergence process, with real GDP/capita at EUR 
10 250 in 2023 (higher by EUR 220 than in 2022)30.  
In recent years the Issuer continued to invest and grow in Romania, both in the banking sector - where 
the Issuer, on a standalone basis, registered growth in total assets of 17.02 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 
compared to 30 June 2023 (from RON 144.57 billion to RON 169.17 billion), 20.77 per cent. in 2023 
(from RON 133.96 billion to RON 161.78) and 7.12 per cent. in 2022 (from RON 125.06 billion to RON 
 
26 Source : https://bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idInfoClass=3043&idDocument=45714&directLink=1  
27 Source: https://www.worldometers.info/population/countries-in-the-eu-by-population/   
28 Source: EIU 
29 Source: https://www.worldeconomics.com/Regions/EU/ 
30 Source: https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/sdg_08_10/default/table?lang=en

--- Page 155 ---
Page 155 
 
133.96 billion) while maintaining a ROE of 29.68 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 (29.71 per cent. on a 
consolidated basis), 25.17 per cent. in 2023 (and 25.54 per cent. on a consolidated basis), 25.16 per cent. 
in 2022 (and 24.84 per cent. on a consolidated basis), and 18.89 per cent. in 2021 (and 19.30 per cent. on 
a consolidated basis) - as well as in the other financial services the BT Group is offering by diversifying 
and deepening the penetration of financial products and cross-selling to its loyal client base.  
The Issuer’s growth is correlated with, but outperforms, the growth in the Romanian financial sector 
(CAGR in total assets, between 2018 and the end of 2023 of negative 0.46 per cent. compared to 
stagnation for the EU average)31, while the Romanian financial sector reflects a growth of 13.22 per cent. 
from 2018 to end of December 2023. At the same time, not only is the Romanian banking market 
significantly more profitable with an average ROE of 20.1532 per cent. in June 2024 compared to the 
9.6733 per cent. EU average as at 31 March 2024, but it has ample room for growth as its public debt/GDP 
ratio was 51.634 per cent. in March 2024, compared with 82 per cent. EU average (as at end of March 
2024)35. 
Extensive network with decentralised, entrepreneurial local decision making. 
With 512 branches, agencies and offices in Romania, 1,901 ATMs and more than 137,000 POS terminals 
at the end of June 2024, the Issuer provides in depth coverage of the entire country and has the largest 
physical network of any of the banks present in Romania. The BT Group operates further 24 branches 
and 38 agencies in Moldova through Victoriabank. The Issuer’s physical presence allows it to offer reach, 
immediate support and assistance to its customers and is also leveraged by the other BT Group entities 
in offering an integrated, multi-faceted financial services offering. The Issuer’s model of a devolved, 
decentralised decision-making system with significant autonomy at local level allows it to be nimble in 
making and implementing decisions and well-attuned to local characteristics and client needs. 
Deep Strong relationships with the clients and the community. 
The BT Group includes some of the most recognizable brands in Romania, with the Issuer, in particular, 
being the most well-known bank, according to Brand Finance36. The Issuer has an extensive client base 
which numbered, at 30 June 2024 over 4.33 million active clients (increasing from over 4.24 million 
active retail clients37 as at 31 December 2023), over 433,000 active SME clients38 and almost 10,000 
active corporate and large corporate clients. Relationships with these clients are deep, strong, typically 
spanning over a long period of time and numerous types of products, from deposits from customers (RON 
139.0 billion at the end of June 2024 and RON 134.4 billion at the end of 2023), to business or consumer 
loans (over 65,000 consumer loans granted in the first six months of 2024 totalling over RON 1.6. billion 
and over 110,000 consumer loans granted in 2023 totalling over RON 4.3 billion) to home acquisition 
loans (more than 7,000 in total amount of more than RON 2 billion in the first six months of 2024 and 
more than 16,000 in total amount of more than RON 4.6 billion in 2023 alone), cards (6.3 million at 30 
June 2024, increasing from 6 million at the end of 2023) to electronic payments (over 4 million cards 
enrolled at 30 June 2024, increasing from 3.5 million cards enrolled at the end of 2022). With many 
corporate clients other than large companies, the relationship starts very early after their incorporation, 
 
31 Source: ECB Data Portal 
32 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/Aggregate-Indicators-for-Credit-Institutions-3369.aspx  
33 Source : https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2024/html/ssm.pr240626~5f9e44e0e7.en.html 
34 Source: https://www.ceicdata.com/en/indicator/romania/government-debt--of-nominal-gdp  
35 Source: https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-euro-indicators/w/2-22072024-ap 
36 Source: https://static.brandirectory.com/reports/brand-finance-banking-500-2023-preview.pdf  
37 Active clients are defined as clients who either had accessed a loan or opened a deposit or had credit transactions in the last 3 
months.  
38 SME clients in this context refers to small and medium enterprises plus micro business clients.

--- Page 156 ---
Page 156 
 
the BT Group has many corporate relationships initiated very early after their incorporation. The Issuer 
strongly believes in building its business in ways which benefit the community and participated actively 
in the government relief programs, IMM Invest & AGRO IMM Invest, as well as government grants in 
the context of the pandemic recovery programmes. Moreover, the Issuer is the initiator or a leading 
participant in numerous community support initiatives targeting individuals as well as SMEs and micro 
businesses. 
Proven track record in acquiring and integrating other companies. 
To complement its strong organic growth, the Issuer has made, since 2015, made several important 
business combinations. In 2015 the Issuer acquired Volksbank Romania S.A., which was, at the time, a 
top 10 Romanian Bank. In 2016, through its subsidiary, BT Capital Partners S.A., the BT Group took 
over the investment banking activity of Capital Partners, at the time Romania’s leading independent 
consulting firm in the field of M&A and Corporate Finance. In 2018 the Issuer acquired Bancpost, 
another sizeable bank, together with ERB Retail Services IFN S.A. and ERB Leasing IFN S.A. In 2018 
the Issuer also became the main indirect shareholder of Victoriabank, one of the main banks in the 
Republic of Moldova. The BT Group further expanded its financial services portfolio in 2019 by 
acquiring Certinvest Pensii S.A., a company authorised as a pension fund manager (rebranded to become 
BT Pensii S.A.). Then, in 2021, the Issuer acquired Idea Bank S.A. (currently Salt Bank) and the other 
companies operating under the Idea brand in Romania (Idea Investments S.A. (currently Idea Investments 
S.R.L.), Idea Leasing IFN S.A. (currently Avant Leasing IFN S.A.), Idea Broker de Asigurari S.R.L. 
(currently BT Broker de Asigurare S.R.L.)). Most recently, the BT Group further consolidated its position 
in the leasing market through the acquisition in June 2022 by the Issuer of 100 per cent. of the share 
capital of Tiriac Leasing IFN S.A., one of the leading players in the vehicle and equipment leasing market 
in Romania, which as of 1 January 2023 was merged successfully into BT Leasing. All of these 
acquisitions have been in line with the BT Group’s development strategy and have been successfully 
integrated into the BT Group. 
In March 2023, Banca Comercială Română S.A. and Victoriabank have come to an agreement for the 
full sale of the shares held by Banca Comercială Română S.A. in the subsidiary BCR Chișinău S.A. The 
completion of the transaction took place on 15 January 2024 and it is currently in the process of being 
integrated into Victoriabank network. 
On 9 February 2024 the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares 
in OTP Bank Romania S.A., the transaction being completed on 30 July 2024. As part of the transaction 
pursuant to which OTP Bank Romania has been acquired, the Issuer has also acquired other companies 
within the OTP Romania Group as part of the same transaction (including OTP Leasing Romania IFN 
S.A.). The acquisition of OTP Asset Management SAI S.A. (which is part of the transaction perimeter) 
has not been completed yet, pending approval from the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority.  
In May 2024, the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of BRD Societate de Administrare a 
Fondurilor de Pensii Private S.A., a Romanian company part of Groupe Société Générale S.A., carrying 
out the businesses of management of pillar III pension funds (facultative private pension funds) and the 
management of pillar II pension funds (mandatory private pension funds ) through the management of 
two pension funds. The transaction is currently pending approval from the Romanian Financial 
Supervisory Authority and the Romanian Foreign Direct Investment Commission.  
Digitalisation 
BT Pay was the first payment wallet to be launched in Romania, and the Issuer believes to be one of the 
most digitised banks in the country. Six years after its launch, the application has evolved and added new 
functionalities and has become the mobile application of choice for everyday banking for retail customers.  
Digitisation brought significant benefits to Issuer's customers with real-time access to account 
information, instant payments and transfers, faster banking and helped the Issuer streamline its processes 
and improve the services offered to the customers. In 2023, the number of digitally enabled unique

--- Page 157 ---
Page 157 
 
customers increased by 13 per cent. compared to 31 December 2022, reaching over 3.7 million customers, 
compared to 3.3 million digitally enabled customers in 2022 and representing 89 per cent. of active 
customers. At 30 June 2024, the number of digitised unique customers reached 4.1 million, representing 
94 per cent. of active customers, an increase of 5 per cent. compared to 2023 and 9 per cent. compared 
to 2022.  
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer's BT Pay app had more than 3.3 million users (an increase of 28 per cent. 
year on year) and 4.02 million digital cards registered in payment wallets (BT Pay, Apple Pay, Google 
Pay, etc.).  
Since January 2024, customers have been able to open a full bank account online using BT Pay. 50,000 
new customers have joined BT online using BT Pay since the new functionality was launched. In July 
2024, NFC card payments increased by 54% compared to the same period in 2023. In addition, the total 
volume of P2P and account-to-account transactions made through the Issuer's digital channels increase 
by over 26 per cent. in the first half of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This growth highlights 
the increasing reliance on digital banking services and the Issuer's commitment to providing convenient 
and efficient solutions for its customers. 
Highly experienced management team. 
The board of directors and senior management team of the Issuer is made up of professionals who have, 
on average, more than 25 years of experience in the financial services sector. The Chairman of the Board 
of Directors, Mr. Horia Ciorcila, is one of the founders of the Issuer and other BT Group companies as 
well as several other successful companies in other business sectors. Mr. Ciorcila has been a member of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer since its establishment and has been the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors for 21 years. The CEO of the Issuer, Mr. Omer Tetik, has 28 years of experience in the financial 
industry, of which 15 years were as a bank CEO, and has been the Issuer’s CEO since 2013, throughout 
the period in which the Issuer has experienced the most growth and transformation in its history. The 
majority of the senior management team of the Issuer have been with the Issuer for extensive periods of 
time (many of them for their entire or most of their career) and have made significant contributions to 
bringing it to the position of market leadership it enjoys today. The Issuer believes that the collective 
sectorial knowledge and leadership capabilities of its senior management team will enable them to 
continue to successfully execute the Issuer’s strategy. 
5. 
Strategy 
The mission of the Issuer is to support businesses and communities throughout Romania anywhere and 
anytime, online and through its territorial network, delivering positive experiences and helping them turn 
their plans into reality. Specific components of the Issuer’s strategy include the following: 
Consolidating the leadership position in Romania by leveraging BT Group’s reputation, product range 
and client base. 
The BT Group believes in the Romanian economy, has grown in and with it, and is committed to actively 
helping to shape its future success. By building on their strong reputation, further expanding their product 
offerings, deepening relationships with its considerable client base and attracting new clients, the Issuer 
and the BT Group believe they can help their clients and the Romanian economy grow and substantially 
increase their own business at constant or improving profit margins. In management’s view, the BT 
Group will continue to pursue a balanced mortgage and consumer loans book and continued high 
performance in debit and credit cards for the retail segment. In the corporate segment, the BT Group will 
maintain growth and dispersion in all segments, with a focus on resilient sectors, such as healthcare, 
manufacturing, agribusiness, utilities, FMCG and public sector.  
Enhancing client experience and relationships.

--- Page 158 ---
Page 158 
 
The Issuer will continue to pursue a client-centric business approach through an omnichannel experience, 
offering multiple options for client interaction and integrating its market-leading territorial presence with 
call center support and its leading digital platform. The Issuer’s ambition is to get closer to its clients by 
offering products and services that are personalised, suit the needs of the clients and are easily accessible. 
The Issuer is invested in the success of its corporate clients and is seeking to help them enhance their 
business through business mentoring, creation of networks and other support measures that go beyond 
the typical banking services.  
Maintaining and increasing its strong capital position, including through issuance of MREL 
compliant securities. 
The Issuer believes in a prudent approach in relation to its capital requirements and maintains a strong 
capital base, with a ratio of own funds to total risk weighted assets (“CAR”), on a consolidated basis, of 
26.15 per cent. at the end of June 2024, of which 22.98 per cent. was Tier 1 capital, and 3.17 per cent. 
was Tier 2 capital. The Issuer intends to maintain and strengthen its capital position and, as part of its 
strategy in this respect, intends to issue MREL compliant securities such as the Notes under the 
Programme, which has a total authorised size of EUR 1.5 billion. 
Sustainable development and supporting sustainable development of the clients, local communities 
and the Romanian economy. 
Sustainability lies at the core of the BT Group strategy. ESG factors, including decreasing greenhouse 
gas emissions, increasing the share of renewable energy in total consumption, continuous implementation 
of digital flows and issuing new sustainable products are integrated in the BT Group’s business model. 
The Issuer is part of the leading framework for international cooperation in banking on sustainability, as 
it has adhered to the Principles for a Responsible Banking System39, established through a partnership 
between the UN - through the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) – 
and the international banking community, composed of over 250 banks. The Issuer’s lending policies 
and procedures are based on responsible financial principles and its focus is on developing its loan 
portfolio and investing in sustainable sectors where it can stimulate innovation and have a positive impact 
on communities. Specifically, the Issuer set clear objectives in the sustainability strategy and targets to 
grant green loans of up to RON 3.5 billion during 2023-2025. At the same time, the Issuer remains 
committed to support and actively participate in programmes aimed at supporting the Romanian economy 
(IMM Invest, Noua Casă, EU Grants Programme). In 2023, BT Group’s ESG highlights included green 
loans granted to companies amounting to RON 1,116 million (increasing by 40 per cent. when compared 
with 2022) During the first half of 2024, BT granted to companies RON 474 million in green loans, while 
the largest proportion of the loans were granted for green buildings (RON 334 million), followed by 
renewable energy (RON 89 million), special climate (RON 41 million), mobility (RON 8.2 million) and 
energy efficiency (RON 1.9 million). On the retail side, in 2023 the Issuer granted green loans to private 
individuals amounting to RON 2.2 billion and also granted a RON 827 million in green mortgages (grade 
A energy efficiency certificate). RON 240 million of green mortgages were granted in the first half of 
2024. Approximately 7.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s retail loan portfolio are green mortgages. As regards 
the leasing entities, 1 in 2 leasing financings granted by the leasing subsidiaries in 2023 were for hybrid 
and/or electric vehicles, amounting to RON 840 million. In the first half of 2024, the financing provided 
for hybrid and electric cars amounted to RON 520 million. 
In October 2023, the Issuer and the European Investment Fund signed a guarantee agreement under which 
the Issuer will grant loans with portfolio guarantees to SMEs amounting to RON 1.5 billion. Companies 
will be able to access loans up to EUR 7.5 million in value, both for working capital needs and 
investments, from the Issuer, with guarantees of up to 70 per cent. of the loan facility value. 
The Issuer published its first Sustainable Finance Framework in November 2023 and the first sustainable 
bond issue of EUR 500 million based on the Sustainable Finance Framework took place in December 
 
39 Source: https://www.unepfi.org/member/banca-transilvania/

--- Page 159 ---
Page 159 
 
2023. An amount equal to the net proceeds raised will be used to finance and/or refinance a portfolio of 
green or socially responsible loans. 
Accelerating digital transformation. 
The BT Group continues to be focused on implementing comprehensive and substantial strategic efforts 
toward digital transformation, in line with a “phygital” model, complementing its branch, POS and ATM 
network. Processes are being automated and simplified to improve client service and client experience 
and minimise costs. BT integrated early artificial intelligence (Intreb BT) into its educational platform to 
simplify interactions and increase users accessibility and for employees BT adopted Microsoft 365 
Copilot and GitHub Copilot to assist them in developing new habits and enhance productivity in the 
software development field. For instance, using FLOWX.AI advanced technology, enrolment of clients 
has been reduced to 5 minutes for retail and 15 minutes for corporate clients, while BT Pay, the Issuer’s 
e-wallet application, received market recognition and the Best UX in Remote Lending Award for its 100 
per cent. Online Overdraft functionality (Future Banking 2022 Gala), which allows access to an approved 
overdraft limit in approximately 5 minutes and is considered one of the first banking and payments super-
apps, including complementary options: donations, offers and health products. The Issuer is not limiting 
itself to simply reorganising its structures and processes along these lines, it has built and launched in 
May 2024 Salt Bank, the first fully digital bank in Romania, by rebranding Idea Bank, which was 
acquired in 2021.  
Further expansion of the BT Group if interesting acquisition opportunities arise. 
Part of the development of the BT Group was achieved through acquisition and successful integration of 
various financial sector businesses. BT Group will continue to carefully analyse opportunities for 
expansion through acquisitions as they arise, focusing on strategic fit and creation of shareholder value. 
6. Activities 
Activities of the BT Group 
The BT Group provides a comprehensive range of competitive financing products and services to retail 
and corporate clients. Its main market is Romania, save for the activities carried out by the Issuer in Italy 
through its branch and those carried out in the Republic of Moldova by Victoriabank S.A., BCR Chisinau 
S.A. and BT Leasing MD S.R.L. However, the impact of these entities on the balance sheet and income 
statement is not material at BT Group level. 
The activity of the BT Group and of the Issuer is split into the following main business segments by 
reference to targeted customers/markets and products and services offered. These also mirror the 
management and financial reporting lines: 
(a) 
large corporate clients – mainly companies/group of companies with an annual turnover 
exceeding RON 100 million, as well as legal entities created to serve a particular function, public 
entities and financial institutions based on specific classification criteria.  
The income generated by this segment results from lending operations, current business 
operations (transactions, treasury, trade finance and retail products) and other related services 
(leasing, asset management, consultancy on mergers and acquisitions, capital market advisory 
services); 
(b) 
medium corporates – mainly companies with an annual turnover between RON 9 and 100 
million; 
(c) 
SME clients – mainly companies with an annual turnover between RON 2 and 9 million; 
(d) 
micro business clients – mainly companies customers with an annual turnover up to RON 2 
million.

--- Page 160 ---
Page 160 
 
The limited trading history (many such clients are newly set-up companies), the entrepreneur’s 
expertise and the market on which the company operates generate specific needs for this client 
category, which the Issuer and the other members of the BT group aim to serve through 
dedicated product and service packages, which have become a hallmark in the Romanian 
banking sector. 
Lending products are accessed more frequently once the business grows and requires loans for 
working capital or investments, letters of guarantee, EU project co-financing, credit cards, 
leasing, invoice discounting or factoring; 
(e) 
retail clients;  
The BT Group and the Issuer provide retail clients with a wide range of products and services, 
including loans (consumer loans, car purchase loans, personal need loans and mortgage loans), 
savings and deposit accounts, payment services and securities trading. 
(f) 
treasury.  
 
Please see "Activities of the Issuer" Section below for further information on each business segment. 
In addition, leasing and consumer credits granted by the non-banking financial institutions are reported 
separately within the BT Group. Other activities cover the services offered by the companies within the 
BT Group in the areas of investments management, brokerage, factoring, real estate and other activities 
which do not fall within the main segments and result from financial and strategic decisions taken by the 
Issuer. 
The BT Group and the Issuer are exposed to currency risk through open positions generated by foreign 
exchange transactions. There is also a risk that the net vales of monetary assets and liabilities in foreign 
currency may change, as a result of exchange rate variation.  
The table below sets out the total monetary assets and total monetary liabilities of the BT Group as at 31 
December 2023, with a breakdown per type of main currency: 
BT Group  
 
In 
RON 
thousands 
RON 
EUR 
USD 
Other 
currencies 
Total 
Total 
monetary 
assets 
100,503,706 
54,022,569 
5,411,547 
5,251,019 
165,188,841 
Total 
monetary 
liabilities 
90,427,747 
54,084,932 
5,741,326 
3,948,677 
154,202,682 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023 
 
The following tables set out the total assets and total liabilities and equity of the BT Group by main 
segments as at 30 June 2024, 30 June 2023, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (comparative 
financial data for 31 December 2023 extracted from the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the 
six months period ended on 30 June 2024 have been restated following methodology changes, according 
to the new value thresholds for classification in segments: Large Corporate Clients, Medium Corporate 
Clients, SME Clients, and Micro Business Clients):

--- Page 161 ---
Page 161 
 
 
 
Status of BT Group as of 30 June 2024: 
Group 
In RON thousand 
Large 
Corporate 
Mid Corporate 
SME 
Micro 
Retail 
Treasury 
Leasing and 
consumer 
loans granted 
by non-
banking 
financial 
institutions 
Other - Group 
Intra-group 
eliminations & 
adjustments 
Total 
Gross loans and finance 
lease receivables 
25,660,489 
10,984,496 
5,704,682 
5,742,478 
33,785,680 
- 
7,129,388 
7,464 
(5,247,379) 
83,767,298 
Provisions for principal 
(856,461) 
(865,679) 
(511,590) 
(652,934) 
(1,783,962) 
- 
(433,583) 
(424) 
125,695 
(4,978,938) 
Loans and finance lease 
receivables 
net 
of 
provisions  
24,804,028 
10,118,817 
5,193,092 
5,089,544 
32,001,718 
- 
6,695,805 
7,040 
(5,121,684) 
78,788,360 
Portfolio 
of 
Debt 
instruments, 
Equity 
instruments and Derivative 
instruments, 
net 
of 
provisions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
60,914,985 
- 
519,627 
(390,673) 
61,043,939 
Treasury and inter-bank 
operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
31,887,858 
328,615 
1,399,677 
(1,380,008) 
32,236,142 
Property and equipment 
and investment property, 
Intangible 
assets 
and 
goodwill 
47,123 
154,562 
171,844 
345,301 
919,323 
48,622 
176,699 
444,491 
(2,020) 
2,305,945 
Right-of-use assets 
15,200 
46,364 
41,811 
109,383 
259,481 
13,142 
38,493 
3,572 
(27,661) 
499,785 
Other assets  
890,587 
559,908 
288,607 
291,591 
1,734,587 
- 
213,614 
533,650 
(1,493,024) 
3,019,520 
Total assets 
25,756,938 
10,879,651 
5,695,354 
5,835,819 
34,915,109 
92,864,607 
7,453,226 
2,908,057 
(8,415,070) 
177,893,691 
Deposits from customers 
and current accounts  
9,497,983 
11,824,669 
8,733,925 
20,192,947 
93,698,508 
709,417 
- 
2,872 
(1,378,214) 
143,282,107 
Loans from banks and other 
financial institutions 
182,960 
344,623 
102,207 
84,257 
6,801 
985,566 
5,947,406 
7,725,311 
(5,246,554) 
10,132,577 
Subordinated liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,430,187 
- 
- 
(18,355) 
2,411,832 
Lease liabilities 
117,099 
72,435 
42,798 
38,262 
237,125 
1,124 
38,466 
3,712 
(27,454) 
523,567 
Other liabilities 
1,246,253 
764,643 
371,610 
366,277 
2,319,931 
1,233 
242,151 
1,334,064 
(94,635) 
6,551,527 
Total liabilities 
11,044,295 
13,006,370 
9,250,540 
20,681,743 
96,262,365 
4,127,527 
6,228,023 
9,065,959 
(6,765,212) 
162,901,610

--- Page 162 ---
Page 162 
 
Equity and related items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
14,992,081 
- 
14,992,081 
Total liabilities and equity 
11,044,295 
13,006,370 
9,250,540 
20,681,743 
96,262,365 
4,127,527 
6,228,023 
24,058,040 
(6,765,212) 
177,893,691 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024

--- Page 163 ---
Page 163 
 
Status of BT Group as of 30 June 2023: 
Group 
In RON thousand 
Large 
Corporate 
Mid 
Corporate 
SME 
Micro 
Retail 
Treasury 
Leasing and 
consumer 
loans 
granted by 
non-banking 
financial 
institutions 
Other - 
Group 
Removals & 
adjustments 
Total 
Gross loans and finance 
lease receivables 
12,831,967 
10,816,229 
5,127,265 
4,605,081 
30,396,590 
- 
4,986,383 
8,452,684 
(3,114,844) 
74,101,355 
Allowances for 
impairment losses on 
loans and finance lease 
receivables 
(737,568) 
(937,717) 
(389,567) 
(598,828) 
(1,646,305) 
- 
(403,827) 
(8,490) 
81,663 
(4,640,639) 
Loans and finance 
receivables-net  
12,094,399 
9,878,512 
4,737,698 
4,006,253 
28,750,285 
- 
4,582,556 
8,444,194 
(3,033,181) 
69,460,716 
Portfolio of Debt 
instruments and Equity 
instruments, net of 
provisions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,659,501 
2,873 
446,863 
(354,970) 
51,754,267 
Treasury and inter-bank 
operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
28,705,812 
43,819 
1,213,808 
(2,973,201) 
26,990,238 
Property and equipment 
and investment property, 
Intangible assets and 
goodwill 
80,252 
168,472 
143,175 
214,086 
701,434 
41,593 
175,768 
342,545 
(11,532) 
1,855,793 
Right-of-use assets 
28,098 
51,323 
35,214 
71,723 
227,747 
12,550 
21,514 
13,719 
(15,358) 
446,530 
Other assets  
463,737 
371,192 
168,946 
157,244 
1,050,358 
- 
269,917 
204,049 
(124,888) 
2,560,555 
Total assets 
12,666,486 
10,469,499 
5,085,033 
4,449,306 
30,729,824 
80,419,456 
5,096,447 
10,665,178 
(6,513,130) 
153,068,099 
Deposits and current 
accounts  
8,168,488 
11,479,961 
7,711,885 
16,995,108 
83,105,693 
2,531,199 
- 
870,285 
(2,982,172) 
127,880,447 
Loans from banks and 
other financial 
institutions 
152,866 
392,875 
71,562 
50,954 
42,727 
792,315 
3,955,131 
4,216,547 
(3,114,469) 
6,560,508 
Subordinated liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,755,285 
- 
- 
(18,209) 
2,737,076 
Finance lease financial 
liabilities 
90,183 
74,441 
34,869 
29,454 
209,540 
801 
21,692 
5,013 
(15,458) 
450,535

--- Page 164 ---
Page 164 
 
Other liabilities 
636,123 
477,204 
189,666 
170,910 
1,155,068 
977 
219,677 
405,902 
(109,377) 
3,146,150 
Total liabilities 
9,047,660 
12,424,481 
8,007,982 
17,246,426 
84,513,028 
6,080,577 
4,196,500 
5,497,747 
(6,239,685) 
140,774,716 
Equity and related items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12,293,383 
- 
12,293,383 
Total liabilities and 
equity 
9,047,660 
12,424,481 
8,007,982 
17,246,426 
84,513,028 
6,080,577 
4,196,500 
17,791,130 
(6,239,685) 
153,068,099 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023

--- Page 165 ---
Page 165 
 
Status of BT Group as of 31 December 2023 
Group 
In RON thousand 
Large 
Corporate 
Mid 
Corporate 
SME 
Micro 
Retail 
Treasury 
Leasing and 
consumer 
loans 
granted by 
non-banking 
financial 
institutions 
Other - 
Group 
Intra-group 
eliminations 
& 
adjustments 
Total 
Gross loans and finance 
lease receivables 
24,495,579 
10,326,066 
5,898,243 
5,568,144 
32,511,846 
- 
5,776,244 
5,569 
(4,161,160) 
80,420,532 
Provisions for principal 
(862,525) 
(870,182) 
(440,455) 
(727,415) 
(1,683,224) 
- 
(371,706) 
(337) 
106,219 
(4,849,625) 
Loans and finance lease 
receivables net of 
provisions  
23,633,054 
9,455,884 
5,457,789 
4,840,729 
30,828,622 
- 
5,404,538 
5,232 
(4,054,941) 
75,570,907 
Portfolio of Debt 
instruments, Equity 
instruments and 
Derivative instruments, 
net of provisions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,336,974 
- 
472,915 
(34,447) 
51,775,442 
Treasury and inter-bank 
operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
37,490,235 
251,854 
607,464 
(1,823,994) 
36,525,559 
Property and equipment 
and investment property, 
Intangible assets and 
goodwill 
103,951 
186,358 
181,611 
245,055 
788,770 
47,964 
176,569 
399,958 
(1,973) 
2,128,263 
Right-of-use assets 
37,066 
57,433 
44,387 
82,799 
259,331 
13,162 
24,309 
12,484 
(16,911) 
514,060 
Other assets  
789,646 
548,044 
240,844 
221,838 
1,542,044 
- 
193,043 
478,275 
(1,358,740) 
2,654,994 
Total assets 
24,563,717 
10,247,719 
5,924,631 
5,390,421 
33,418,767 
88,888,335 
6,050,313 
1,976,328 
(7,291,006) 
169,169,225 
Deposits from customers 
and current accounts  
9,114,874 
11,784,649 
9,048,912 
19,929,075 
88,569,988 
2,465,711 
- 
3,962 
(1,829,604) 
139,087,567 
Loans from banks and 
other financial 
institutions 
256,482 
326,772 
87,055 
62,507 
23,629 
363,251 
4,774,002 
7,815,009 
(4,160,140) 
9,548,567 
Subordinated liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,441,255 
- 
- 
(18,037) 
2,423,218 
Lease liabilities 
119,145 
84,621 
43,420 
34,827 
238,786 
800 
24,404 
4,272 
(16,924) 
533,351 
Other liabilities 
731,496 
520,038 
216,918 
181,761 
1,354,357 
1,043 
205,047 
545,969 
(76,615) 
3,680,014

--- Page 166 ---
Page 166 
 
Total liabilities 
10,221,997 
12,716,080 
9,396,305 
20,208,170 
90,186,760 
5,272,060 
5,003,453 
8,369,212 
(6,101,320) 
155,272,717 
Equity and related items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13,896,508 
- 
13,896,508 
Total liabilities and 
equity 
10,221,997 
12,716,080 
9,396,305 
20,208,170 
90,186,760 
5,272,060 
5,003,453 
22,265,720 
(6,101,320) 
169,169,225 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 (information for 31 December 2023 extracted from the Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 has been restated following methodology changes, according to the new value thresholds for classification 
in segments: Large Corporate Clients, Medium Corporate Clients, SME Clients, and Micro Business Clients)

--- Page 167 ---
Page 167 
 
Status of BT Group as of 31 December 2022: 
Group 
In RON thousand 
Large Corporate 
Mid Corporate 
SME 
Micro 
Retail 
Treasury 
Leasing and 
consumer loans 
granted by non-
banking financial 
institutions 
Other – Group 
Intra-group 
elimination & 
adjustment 
Total 
Gross loans and finance 
lease receivables 
12,560,167 
9,966,452 
4,643,518 
4,634,808 
30,119,009 
- 
4,612,312 
8,442,599 
(2,449,354) 
72,529,511 
Provisions for principal 
(751,732) 
(991,971) 
(356,153) 
(559,485) 
(1,503,005) 
- 
(403,567) 
(16,224) 
66,143 
(4,515,994) 
Loans and finance lease 
receivables net of provisions 11,808,435 
8,974,481 
4,287,365 
4,075,323 
28,616,004 
- 
4,208,745 
8,426,375 
(2,383,211) 
68,013,517 
Portfolio of Debt 
instruments, Equity 
instruments and Derivative 
instruments, net of 
provisions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
47,039,771 
15,909 
465,793 
(330,175) 
47,191,298 
Treasury and inter-bank 
operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
21,681,878 
93,324 
399,105 
(2,066,258) 
20,108,049 
Property and equipment and 
investment property, 
Intangible assets and 
goodwill 
86,459 
176,082 
109,076 
257,541 
797,050 
50,753 
30,636 
342,643 
(11,456) 
1,838,784 
Right-of-use assets 
29,949 
54,903 
30,372 
86,362 
251,345 
15,360 
17,431 
13,438 
(11,203) 
487,957 
Other assets 
623,728 
473,012 
202,070 
210,549 
1,423,491 
- 
255,394 
97,507 
(414,561) 
2,871,190 
Total assets 
12,548,571 
9,678,478 
4,628,883 
4,629,775 
31,087,890 
68,787,762 
4,621,439 
9,744,861 
(5,216,864) 
140,510,795 
Deposits from customers 
and current accounts 
7,727,114 
10,028,370 
6,159,056 
15,942,884 
79,880,405 
3,741,780 
- 
2,202 
(2,072,000) 
121,409,811 
Loans from banks and other 
financial institutions 
148,810 
464,372 
62,783 
54,555 
56,351 
1,818,574 
3,487,240 
1,231,522 
(2,483,279) 
4,840,928 
Subordinated liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,766,159 
- 
- 
(17,899) 
1,748,260 
Lease liabilities 
99,999 
76,728 
34,046 
33,909 
235,707 
702 
17,420 
5,572 
(11,127) 
492,956 
Other liabilities 
509,017 
386,845 
133,626 
132,536 
884,225 
713 
353,383 
412,347 
(265,385) 
2,547,307 
Total liabilities 
8,484,940 
10,956,315 
6,389,511 
16,163,884 
81,056,688 
7,327,928 
3,858,043 
1,651,643 
(4,849,690) 
131,039,262 
Equity and related items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,471,533 
- 
9,471,533 
Total liabilities and equity 
8,484,940 
10,956,315 
6,389,511 
16,163,884 
81,056,688 
7,327,928 
3,858,043 
11,123,176 
(4,849,690) 
140,510,795

--- Page 168 ---
Page 168 
 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2022

--- Page 169 ---
Page 169 
 
 
 
The structure of the credit portfolio of the BT Group and of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 
2023, and as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively is the following:  
 
Group 
Issuer 
In RON thousand 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
Corporate and government institutions 
31,409,991 
28,992,168 
36,017,978 
31,509,519 
Small and medium enterprises 
11,444,416 
9,744,362 
10,895,377 
8,433,367 
Consumer loans and card loans granted 
to retail customers 
14,274,103 
13,038,327 
13,628,332 
 
12,304,606 
Mortgage loans 
19,446,392 
17,276,064 
19,012,198 
16,940,651 
Loans granted by non-banking 
financial institutions 
2,361,414 
1,845,786 
- 
- 
Other 
73,973 
74,403 
66,507 
67,232 
Total loans and advances to 
customers before impairment 
allowance 
79,010,289 
70,971,110 
79,620,392 
69,255,375 
Allowances for impairment losses on 
loans 
(4,804,996) 
(4,524,159) 
(4,545,962) 
(4,163,306) 
Total loans and advances to 
customers net of impairment 
allowance 
74,205,293 
66,446,951 
75,074,430 
65,092,069 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
on 30 June 2024  
 
Group 
 
Issuer 
In RON thousand 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
Corporate and government institutions 
31,891,157 
28,526,290 
35,424,045 
30,397,258 
Small and medium enterprises 
10,254,549 
9,294,327 
9,063,280 
8,156,625 
Consumer loans and card loans granted 
to retail customers 
13,392,850 
12,649,654 
12,674,358 
11,836,977 
Mortgage loans 
19,053,459 
17,384,457 
18,701,951 
17,018,290 
Loans granted by non-banking 
financial institutions 
2,060,596 
1,654,683 
- 
- 
Other 
63,147 
74,138 
57,578 
64,945 
Total loans and advances to 
customers before impairment 
allowance 
76,715,758 
69,583,549 
75,921,212 
67,474,095 
Allowances for impairment losses on 
loans 
(4,707,534) 
(4,382,629) 
(4,370,808) 
(4,024,141) 
Total loans and advances to 
customers net of impairment 
allowance 
72,008,224 
65,200,920 
71,550,404 
63,449,954 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is the largest banking institution in Romania, with a market share in 2023 of 20.15 per cent. 
by total assets40. It is also the market leader by volume of clients and level of capital, in accordance with 
the information published in the NBR’s annual report for 2023.  
The Issuer has a strong financial profile, with a net interest margin on a consolidated basis, varying in 
the last three years between 2.63 per cent. in 2021 to 3.30 per cent. in 2022 to 3.73 per cent. in 2023 to 
 
40Source: https://www.bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idDocument=45714&directLink=1

--- Page 170 ---
Page 170 
 
4.13 per cent. as of the end of June 2024 (annualised) and on a separate basis varying in the last three 
years between 2.46 per cent. in 2021 to 2.93 per cent. in 2022 to 3.13 per cent. in 2023 and to 3.64 per 
cent. as of the end of June 2024, on an annualised basis. The net fee and commission income on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer varying in the last three years was between 0.97 per cent. in 2021, 1.03 
per cent. in 2022, 0.95 per cent. in 2023 and 0.99 per cent. as of the end of June 2024 and on separate 
basis between 0.86 per cent. in 2021, 0.93 per cent. in 2022, 0.90 per cent. in 2023 and 0.90 per cent. as 
at 30 June 2024, as average on consumer deposits. The Issuer’s net trading income, on a consolidated 
basis, for the six-month period ended on 30 June 2024 was RON 371,951 thousand (RON 539,743 
thousand as at 31 December 2023) with RON 477,770 thousand (RON 657,016 thousand as at 31 
December 2023) at BT Group level. 
In relation to costs, the Issuer has a high efficiency level, registering a cost to income ratio of up to 47.00 
per cent. on a consolidated basis (45.46 per cent. on a separate basis) in the six-month period ended on 
30 June 2024 with similar levels in the previous three years, namely 45.38 per cent. on a consolidated 
basis (45.60 per cent. on a separate basis) in 2023, 47.51 per cent. on a consolidated basis (49.65 per cent. 
on a separate basis) in 2022, 48.28 per cent. on a consolidated basis (48.09 per cent. on a separate basis) 
in 2021. The net cost of risk level of the Issuer varied significantly throughout the last three years due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic and updates of the inputs, assumptions and estimations techniques as described 
in Note 4. Financial risk management, b) Credit risk of the Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 
2023. Thus, in 2022 the cost of risk was at 0.70 per cent. and in 2023 it decreased to 0.39 per cent., on a 
consolidated basis. In the six-month period ended on 30 June 2024, the cost of risk decreased to 0.13 per 
cent. (annualised) on a consolidated basis.  
 
The Issuer’s banking activity and product offering focuses on retail and SME customers. Serving millions 
of customers through a network of 512 units (including agencies, branches and offices) and multiple 
digital channels, the Issuer is one of the main financiers of the Romanian Economy.  
Despite the unpredictable economic climate, the Issuer’s business continued its growth in 2023. The table 
below shows the evolution of the number of clients per main business lines of the Issuer in 2023 
compared to 2022.  
Active clients* 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
2023/2022 (%) 
30 June 2024 
Large 
Corporate 
Clients 
1,517 
1,419 
+6.9 
1,523 
Medium 
corporate 
clients 
11,197 
10,548 
+6.2 
8,440 
SME clients 
25,358 
22,438 
+13.0 
24,765 
Micro 
business 
clients 
415,679 
387,727 
+7.2 
433,755 
Retail clients 
3,785,742 
3,509,320 
+7.9 
3,860,724 
Total 
4,239,493 
3,931,452 
+7.8 
4,329,207 
*The allocation of legal persons into segments is made per internal standards and policies of the Issuer.

--- Page 171 ---
Page 171 
 
Corporate lending activity (including loans granted to micro companies, SMEs and large corporate) in 
the period of six months ended on 30 June 2024 resulted in over 12,000 new loans (over 24,700 new 
loans in 2023), amounting to RON 11 billion (RON 23 billion in 2023), while the retail new loans 
amounted to RON 4.9 billion (RON 10 billion in 2023). In 2023 the Issuer was participated in the 
governmental programmes IMM Invest Plus, AGRO IMM Invest, Garant Construct, Innovation IMM 
Invest Prod, Rural Invest, Woman Entrepreneur and Start-up nation, with a total financed value of over 
RON 2.4 billion.  
In addition to offering banking services to its clients, the Issuer also facilitates access to the services 
provided by the BT Group subsidiaries, such as bancassurance, consultancy on mergers and acquisitions, 
asset management and financial leases, with the purpose to increase its profitability and non-risk income. 
The Issuer is actively involved in various Romanian government’s relief programmes, such as “IMM 
Invest Plus” which is designed to assist SMEs and was approved by the Romanian government in 
September 2022. The budget for this programme was RON 17.75 billion and was further increased in 
2023 to RON 20.25 billion41 and decreased to RON 12.5 billion in 202442. This follows the Issuer’s 
involvement in similar programmes in 2022, including the “Start-Up Nation Pillar 3” programme that 
was relaunched in July 2022, and which the Issuer covered almost 70 per cent. of the subscribed 
beneficiaries. Under the Start-Up Nation program, the Issuer expects to disburse around 1,700 bridge 
loans. 
In addition to this, the Issuer is best positioned in two critical sectors:  
(i) 
Healthcare – the Issuer is the largest lender to the medical sector, supporting over 70,000 
medical doctors and medical businesses (40 per cent. of the medical market) and has contributed 
significantly to the development of the Romanian private healthcare system especially in the 
last 15 years with the establishment of the Division for Medical Doctors. 
In 2023 the Issuer granted more than 5,400 new loans to the private healthcare system in 
Romania and had RON 2.3 billion in outstanding loans in the sector, being the largest lender in 
the medical system. In 2023 the Issuer also had almost RON 6 billion in deposits and resources, 
being the bank of choice for medical doctors to keep their savings; and 
(ii) 
Agriculture – the Issuer is one of the largest lenders in the agriculture sector in Romania, with 
over 20 per cent. market share and over 39,000 agriculture customers as of 30 June 2024. In 
2023 the Issuer granted almost RON 3 billion in agribusiness loans through Governmental and 
EU programmes. In the same year, the Issuer granted more than 4,900 new loans in the sector, 
amounting to a total balance of approximately RON 5.2 billion. In the first half of 2024 the 
Issuer granted over 1,100 new loans amounting to over RON 1.65 billion. 
Large corporate clients 
The clients in this category usually have specific and sophisticated needs and have access to an all-
inclusive package of banking products and services. Through its centralised and customised approach, 
the Issuer seeks to ensure high operational efficiency, a prompt assessment of the specific needs of this 
type of clients in order to offer the appropriate customised solutions, but also an in-depth perception of 
the risk profile in order to maintain a high quality loan portfolio. 
 
41  Source: https://mfinante.gov.ro/despre-minister/-/asset_publisher/uwgr/content/imm-invest-plus-continu-c4-83-c8-99i-c3-aen-
2023-cu-un-plafon-de-garan-c8-9bii-mai-mare-cu-14-dec-c3-a2t-cel-din-
2022#:~:text=Ministerul%20Finan%C8%9Belor%20continu%C4%83%20sprijinirea%20antreprenorilor,c%C3%A2t%20a%
20fost%20%C3%AEn%202022.  
42Source: https://mfinante.gov.ro/despre-minister/-/asset_publisher/uwgr/content/imm-plus-a-fost-aprobat-de-guvern-schema-de-
ajutor-de-stat-cu-buget-de-12-5-miliarde-lei-va-sprijini-11.500-
companii#:~:text=Bugetul%20este%20de%20maximum%2012,coloana%20vertebral%C4%83%20a%20economiei%20rom
%C3%A2ne%C8%99ti

--- Page 172 ---
In the first half of 2024 and in 2023 the Issuer strengthened its role as a strong supporter of the Romanian 
corporate sector by providing financing solutions for both investment projects and for the establishment 
of a liquidity buffer either downstream or upstream in the supply chain. 
The positive results of the first six months of 2024 translated into the production of new gross loans and 
finance lease receivables of over RON 25.6 billion (from a value of RON 24.5 billion as at 31 December 
2023), with a balance of RON 25.7 billion as at 30 June 2024 at BT Group level. 
The Issuer continued to have a strategic approach focused on resilient sectors like healthcare, industrial, 
manufacturing, agribusiness, utilities and FMCG. Compared to 31 December 2023, as at 30 June 2024, 
the Issuer recorded an increase of 5.0 per cent. in the balance of net loans for all segments of lending 
granted to Large Corporate Clients. The large corporate gross loans and finance lease receivables 
represent, as of 30 June 2024, 30.63 per cent. of the gross loans and finance lease receivables within the 
BT Group (similar to the level recorded as at 31 December 2023, of 30.46 per cent.). 
Mid Corporate Clients 
The most frequent requests coming from this category of clients, which the Issuer is typically addressing, 
include tailored financing solutions, access to a wide range of banking services, pricing based on financial 
performance, dedicated and flexible relationship management, operational agility. Depending on the 
activity type, the customised approach related to customers is supported by two existent specialisations, 
notably Agribusiness and Healthcare. 
The Issuer offers a full array of financial services to its mid corporate clients, including lending facilities, 
current operations, treasury services, but also additional services such as bonus packages for employees, 
structured finance and co-financing of EU funded projects.  
As at 30 June 2024, approximately 8,440 mid corporate clients were assisted by the Issuer’s branches in 
Romania, in a business model that emphasises the immediate needs of the customer. As at 30 June 2024, 
new loans for mid corporate customers reached RON 3.6 billion with a decrease of 6.7 per cent. compared 
to the first six months of 2023 (RON 7.2 billion in 2023 with a growth of 2.3 per cent. compared to 2022). 
As at 30 June 2024, at BT Group level, the balance of gross loans and finance lease receivables increased 
by 6.4 per cent. (compared to 31 December 2023), reaching RON 11.0 billion, while the balance for 
deposits and current accounts for mid corporate clients reached RON 11.8 billion, an increase of 0.3 per 
cent. (compared to 31 December 2023). Comparative information for 31 December 2023 presented in 
this paragraph has been extracted from the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months 
period ended on 30 June 2024, being restated following methodology changes, according to the new 
value thresholds for classification in segments: Large Corporate Clients, Medium Corporate Clients, 
SME Clients, and Micro Business Clients. 
As at 31 December 2023, at BT Group level, the balance of gross loans and finance lease receivables 
increased by 15.8 per cent. (compared to 31 December 2022), reaching RON 11.5 billion, while the 
balance for deposits and current accounts for mid corporate clients reached RON 13.4 billion, an increase 
of 33.9 per cent. (compared to 31 December 2022). Information for 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 presented in this paragraph has been extracted from the Audited Financial Statements 2022 and 
2023 (information for 31 December 2023 presented in this paragraph has the same comparison basis 
as the one for 31 December 2022 and was not restated due to threshold changes). 
In addition to financing provided from its own funds, the current loan volumes are impacted by the 
Issuer’s active participation until 2022, when the programmes closed, in conveying to the mid corporate 
clients the benefits offered by financing programmes with price or guarantee advantages - IMM Invest, 
Operational Programme “SME Initiativ” (POIIMM), EU Programme for the Competitiveness of 
Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (COSME) and loans from the European Investment 
Bank sources.  
Page 172

--- Page 173 ---
Page 173 
 
Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) 
The Issuer has a diversified SME support ecosystem in Romania in terms of approach, team, products 
and services. 
The gross loans and finance lease receivables balance decreased in the first six months of 2024 to RON 
5.7 billion, compared to RON 5.9 billion at 31 December 2023 (comparative information for 31 
December 2023 has been extracted from the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months 
period ended on 30 June 2024, being restated following methodology changes, according to the new 
value thresholds for classification in segments: Large Corporate Clients, Medium Corporate Clients, 
SME Clients, and Micro Business Clients), at BT Group level. As at 30 June 2024, the number of clients 
also decreased by 2.3 per cent. compared to 31 December 2023, with more than 2,600 new loans 
representing over RON 1.8 billion. In 2023, the gross loans and finance lease receivables balance 
increased to RON 5.5 billion, compared to the previous year, from RON 4.6 billion at BT Group level. 
As at 31 December 2023, the number of clients also increased by 13 per cent. compared to 31 December 
2022, with more than 5,800 new loans representing in total over RON 2.9 billion loans. 
In addition, more than 1,928 loans were granted by the Issuer during 2024 within the governmental 
programme IMM Invest Plus which allocated funds from: Romanian Counter-Guarantee Fund, 
Romanian Rural Credit Guarantee Fund and Romanian SME Credit Guarantee Fund. Out of the total 
18,545 companies registered for IMM Invest programme, 22 per cent. of them choose the Issuer as their 
financing bank.  
Micro Business Clients 
As at 30 June 2024, 433,755 active customers were managed by this business line, which reflected a 4.3 
per cent. increase compared to the end of 2023 (415,679 as at 31 December 2023).  
The financing model based on a rapid platform sustains a superior lending performance, translating into 
more than 8,500 loans granted in the first six months of 2024 (15,793 loans granted in 2023) and a gross 
loans and finance lease receivables balance of RON 5.7 billion as at 30 June 2024 at BT Group level, 
registering an increase of 3.1 per cent. compared to the gross loans and finance lease receivables balance 
at the end of 2023. The deposit balance of micro business clients increased by 1.3 per cent. as at 30 June 
2024 compared to the end of 2023 (values determined using the restated figures according to the new 
value thresholds for classification in the segment: Large Corporate Clients, Medium Corporate Clients, 
SME Clients, and Micro Business Clients, in respect to both the loans and the deposits). 
In supporting access to financing, an important role was played by the microfinance subsidiary, BT 
Microfinance IFN S.A.  
Micro and SME business clients took advantage of the Governmental programmes (e.g., microgrants 
issued by the Ministry of Economy, Energy and Business Environment) meant to support Romanian 
entrepreneurship. 
Retail clients 
The number of retail clients increased by 2.0 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 December 2023 
(and increased by 7.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 2022), thus reaching 
approx. 3.86 million (3.7 million at the end of 2023). The retail client gross loans and finance lease 
receivables balance as at 30 June 2024 was RON 33.8 billion (RON 32.5 billion as at 31 December 2023). 
In 2023 and the first six months of 2024 the Issuer’s network was further strengthened and expanded, 
comprising at the end of June 2024 1,901 ATMs, more than 137,000 POS, 643 multifunctional machines 
and more than 499 BT Express terminals that are used for various transactions, including utility bills 
payments.

--- Page 174 ---
Page 174 
 
At the end of June 2024, the Issuer had issued over 6.3 million cards out of which 4 million unique cards 
are registered in the payment applications and e-wallets used by the Issuer, such as: BT Pay, Apple Pay, 
Google Pay, Fitbit Pay and Garmin Pay. Out of the 6.3 million cards, over 664,000 were credit cards. 
The number of transactions with the Issuer’s cards also increased by 24 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 
compared to 30 June 2023. As at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 2022, the number of 
transactions with the Issuer’s cards increased by 22 per cent. 
In the first six months of 2024, the Issuer registered a 40 per cent. increase in payments by phone 
compared to the same period of 2023. The volume of transactions made through mobile phones increased 
by 40 per cent. compared to the first six months of 2023. As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer also 
registered almost twice (48 per cent. increase) the number of payments by phone compared to 31 
December 2022. The volume of transactions made through internet banking and mobile banking 
increased by 75 per cent. compared to 2022. 
In the first six months of 2024, more than 7,300 mortgage loans were awarded to retail clients, exceeding 
RON 2 billion and increasing the balance of mortgage loans to RON 19 billion at Issuer level as at in 30 
June 2024. In the same period, the Issuer also granted more than 67,000 consumer loans, amounting to 
RON 1.6 billion and the balance of such loans reaching RON 13.6 billion. In 2023, more than 16,000 
mortgage loans were awarded to retail clients, exceeding RON 4.7 billion and increasing the balance of 
mortgage loans to RON 18.7 billion at Issuer level as at 31 December 2023. In 2023 the Issuer also 
granted more than 110,000 consumer loans, amounting to RON 4.4 billion and the balance of such loans 
reaching RON 12.6 billion.  
In 2023 and 2024, the digitalisation process accelerated even further, with the introduction of new digital 
solutions tailored to customer needs. 
Treasury 
The treasury activities in the Issuer are complementary to the other products and services offered to the 
customers of the five business lines of the Issuer. 
The principles and strategic objectives governing the Issuer’s treasury activities are: 
a) 
precaution – with respect to the management of liquidity surplus, the due date of assets and debts, 
the interest rate structure and the market risks to which the Issuer is exposed, in line with the risk 
limits established in the Issuer’s Risk Strategy and/or the regulations governing the Romanian 
banking sector; 
b) 
dispersion – as concerns counterparty exposures’ limits arising from all specific treasury 
operations; and 
c) 
income maximisation – under prudent conditions and considering the estimated multiannual 
evolution of cyclical macroeconomic indicators.  
Following the general trend of the increasing number of operations at the Issuer’s level, FX activity was 
also stimulated, the FX income increasing by 14.5 per cent. in the first six months of 2024 at a 
consolidated level compared to the first six months of 2023, reaching RON 349 million in June 2024 
(RON 305 million in June 2023).  
Through its subsidiaries, the Issuer offers complementary services such as asset management, stock 
exchange trading and investments, corporate and public debt offerings, leasing, insurance, factoring, etc.

--- Page 175 ---
Page 175 
 
7. 
Liquidity 
The current liquidity reserves of the Issuer are adequate to cover liabilities that fall or may fall due for 
payment. Liquidity reserves are required to be available at short notice, following the occurrence of a 
stress scenario.  
Crisis simulation scenarios have been elaborated by considering various severity levels, various 
probabilities and different periods of occurrence. Their purpose is to identify / assess potential losses and 
the potential impact of events or the factors that may generate a liquidity crisis. Additionally, they offer 
information regarding the impact of liquidity risk determinants on the BT Group’s and the Issuer’s 
capacity to provide liquidity to its customers and to maintain adequate liquidity levels. 
The prudential ratios ensure a favourable position of the Issuer in the banking system. The Issuer’s net 
loan to deposit ratio was 54.00 per cent. as at 30 June 2024, below the aggregate 66.35 per cent. rate of 
the banking system in Romania43. At BT Group level, as of 30 June 2024, the net loan to deposit ratio 
was 55.22 per cent., with a small increase compared to the previous two years from 54.74 per cent. as at 
31 December 2023 and the 31 December 2022 figure of 56.80 per cent. Moreover, at the Issuer level, the 
value of insured retail deposits as at 30 June 2024 represented 99.9 per cent. of the total retail deposits. 
The Issuer has a consistent deposit base, which allows for a good liquidity ratio.  
As of 30 June 2024, the liquidity coverage ratio, calculated according to the requirements introduced by 
Basel III, registered the value of 384 per cent. (767 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), being well above 
the minimum required level of 100 per cent. The net stable funding ratio reached as of 30 June 2024 the 
value of 257 per cent. (239 per cent. as of 31 December 2023), more above the minimum required level 
of 100 per cent.  
Cash and current accounts with central banks 
In 2023 and 2024 the minimum reserve requirements ratio at the NBR was 8 per cent. for RON 
denominated balances and 5 per cent. for EUR denominated balances. The interest paid by the NBR for 
the reserves held by the Issuer with the NBR varied between 0.69 to 0.83 per cent. per year for RON 
reserves, between 0.02 to 0.19 per cent. for EUR denominated reserves.  
In total, as at 30 June 2024, BT Group had RON 27 billion in cash and current accounts with national 
banks (a 11.9 per cent. increase compared to 31 December 2023 when the BT Group had RON 24.25 
billion in cash and current accounts with national banks and a 19.2 per cent. increase compared to 30 
June 2023 when it had RON 22.76 billion), out of which RON 24.86 billion as at 30 June 2024, RON 
22.29 billion at the end of 2023 and RON 12.65 billion at the end of 2022 were held for the Issuer (without 
including the accrual and interest receivables).  
As at 30 June 2024, the liquidity ratio was 107.38 per cent. at Issuer level. As 30 June 2024, cash and 
current accounts with national banks amounted to RON 24.86 million at Issuer level, 11.55 per cent. 
higher compared to 31 December 2023 and above the minimum acceptable level required by the NBR to 
cover liquidity risk. Cash and current accounts with central banks consisted of mainly of current accounts 
and placements with central banks, 83 per cent. of the total balance (RON 20.58 billion at Issuer level) 
being represented by the minimum required reserve held with the NBR (RON 18.3 billion at Issuer level 
as at 31 December 2023). 
Placements with banks and public institutions 
At 30 June 2024, placements with banks included current accounts, short and term deposits with other 
banks and reverse-repo securities, which are all included in the statement of financial position and 
 
43 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/Aggregate-Indicators-for-Credit-Institutions-3369.aspx

--- Page 176 ---
Page 176 
 
represented RON 4,308 million at Issuer level, 66 per cent. lower compared to the value as at 31 
December 2023 (RON 12,619 million). Variations in this category are mostly determined by the 
evolution of the balance of current accounts at other banks, the volume of placements at credit institutions, 
the volume of term deposits and loans and advances granted to credit institutions up to three months, but 
also by the volume of reverse-repo operations. Except for sale and reverse-repo agreements, the amounts 
due from other banks are not guaranteed.  
The placements with banks of the Issuer decreased 66 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 
December 2023 (and increased by 90 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 2022), 
while the reverse repo transactions decreased 100 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 compared to 31 
December 2022. At BT Group level the placements with banks decreased 58 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 
compared to 31 December 2023. 
The quality analysis of the placements with banks as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, 
according to the rating agencies is detailed below: 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
Securities 
Securities and derivative financial instruments increased as at 30 June 2024 by 19.7 per cent. compared 
to 30 June 2023, reaching RON 59.22 billion, at the Issuer’s level (RON 50.08 billion as at 31 December 
2023, higher by 9.3 per cent. compared to 31 December 2022). On a consolidated basis, at BT Group 
level, the securities and derivatives44 reached as at 30 June 2024 RON 61.04 billion, higher by 17.9 per 
 
44 Securities include financial assets measured at fair value through other items of the comprehensive income plus debt instruments 
at amortised cost plus derivatives plus financial assets held for trading plus financial assets which are required to be measured 
at fair value through profit or loss. 
BT Group 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
In 
RON 
thousand 
Placements 
with 
banks 
Reverse 
repo 
transactions 
Placements 
with 
banks 
Reverse 
repo 
transactions 
Investment 
grade 
12,266,959 
- 
4,270,986 
989,564 
Non-
investment 
grade 
6,000 
- 
306,782 
- 
Total 
12,272,959 
- 
4,577,768 
989,564 
Issuer 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
In 
RON 
thousand 
Placements 
with 
banks 
Reverse 
repo 
transactions 
Placements 
with 
banks 
Reverse 
repo 
transactions 
Investment 
grade 
11,322,137 
- 
3,506,498 
989,564 
Non-
investment 
grade 
1,297,204 
- 
2,138,796 
- 
Total 
12,619,341 
- 
5,645,294 
989,564

--- Page 177 ---
Page 177 
 
cent. compared to 30 June 2023 (compared to RON 51.78 billion in 2023 and RON 47.191 billion in 
2022). The increase in these instruments is directly correlated with the increase of the managed portfolio 
of government bonds. 
At 30 June 2024, on a consolidated basis the derivatives, financial assets held for trading, non-trading 
financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value 
through other items of comprehensive income and debt instruments at amortised costs represented 34.3 
per cent. in the total assets (30.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), while cash and current accounts with 
central banks represented 15.3 per cent. (14.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2023). In this category there 
are also equity investments in several entities (such as Transfond, Biroul de Credit, Swift Belgium, 
CCP.RO Bucharest S.A. and Depozitarul Central S.A.). 
The securities portfolio45 at BT Group level at 30 June 2024 was RON 61,043,939 thousand, with the 
following breakdown by product:  
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 
8. 
Funding 
The BT Group and the Issuer have access to diverse funding sources. Funds are raised by using a broad 
range of instruments, including deposits from customers or banks, loans from development institutions 
and financial institutions and share capital. Access to diverse funding sources ensures flexibility to attract 
funds, limiting the dependence on one type of financing or financing partner and leading to an overall 
decrease of financing costs. 
The BT Group and the Issuer try to maintain a balance between continuity and flexibility in attracting 
funds, by signing financing contracts with different maturities and in different currencies. At the same 
time, the BT Group and the Bank continually assess liquidity risk by identifying and monitoring changes 
in the financing contracts, and by diversifying the funding sources. Also, by determining and monitoring 
the net FCY positions and the exchange rate volatility, the Bank has aimed to create a portfolio that is 
 
45 which includes derivatives, financial assets held for trading, financial assets which are required to be measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other items of the comprehensive income and debt 
instruments at amortised cost.  
Derivatives
<1%
Financial assets held for 
trading
<1%
Financial assets which are 
required to be measured at 
fair value through profit or 
loss
2%
Financial assets 
measured at fair 
value through other 
items of 
comprehensive 
income
66%
Debt instruments
31%

--- Page 178 ---
Page 178 
 
optimally correlated in terms of FCY assets and liabilities, as well as a balanced approach to trading 
operations on the foreign exchange market. 
The main financing sources of the BT Group are described below.  
Deposits from customers  
Customer deposits of the Issuer increased significantly by 12.0 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 compared to 
30 June 2023 (and by 3.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), while the general growth rate recorded at 
the banking system level as at 30 June 2024 was 9.8 per cent. compared to 30 June 202446 and as at 31 
December 2023 it was 11.8 per cent. compared to 31 December 202247.  
In total, at BT Group level the carry value of deposits from customers amounted to RON 142.67 billion 
as at 30 June 2024 (RON 138.05 billion as at 31 December 2023), out of which retail deposits amount to 
RON 93.70 billion (up from RON 88.57 billion as at 31 December 2023) representing 66 per cent. and 
corporate deposits amount to RON 48.97 billion (up from RON 49.48 billion) representing 34 per cent. 
For additional information on breakdown of the customer deposits please see Section 6 “Activities – 
Activities of the BT Group” above. 
The following table shows the split of the customer deposits by type of deposit:  
Group 
Issuer 
In RON 
thousand 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
Current 
accounts 
69,999,127 66,933,900 69,516,735 65,517,037 67,447,241 65,004,360 67,510,303 62,678,842 
Sight 
demand 
953,695 
994,890 
1,027,781 
1,070,764 
739,327 
753,703 
873,587 
841,499 
Term 
deposits 
66,019,978 50,620,317 70,971,504 58,809,892 65,215,377 49,583,917 69,524,400 57,786,239 
Collateral 
deposits 
1,080,154 
1,182,622 
1,155,119 
2,029,255 
1,041,405 
1,161,862 
1,114,212 
1,139,307 
Total 
138,052,954 119,731,729 142,671,139 127,426,948 134,443,350 116,503,842 139,022,502 122,445,887 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
on 30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
Deposits from other banks 
Sight deposits from other banks increased significantly in the first six months of 2024 compared to the 
same period in 2023, from RON 154.73 million as at 30 June 2023 to RON 489.85 million as at 30 June 
2024 at BT Group level. Their value has also increased as at 31 December 2023 (RON 497.39 million) 
compared to 31 December 2022 (RON 330.05 million). 
 
46 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/page.aspx?prid=24800 
47 Source: https://seenews.com/news/romanias-annual-bank-deposits-growth-quickens-in-jan-815468

--- Page 179 ---
Page 179 
 
Term deposits decreased from RON 298.77 million as at 30 June 2023 to RON 121.11 million as at 30 
June 2024 at BT Group level, out of which RON 121.11 million are held by the Issuer. As at 31 December 
2023 (RON 537.23 million) term deposits at BT Group level have decreased when compared to 31 
December 2022 (RON 1,348.04 million). 
 
BT Group 
Issuer 
In RON 
thousand 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
Sight 
demand 
497,386 
330,045 
489,854 
154,728 
509,707 
357,910 
496,402 
176,806 
Term 
deposits 
537,227 
1,348,037 
121,114 
298,771 
572,059 
1,273,632 
121,114 
258,725 
Total 
1,034,613 
1,678,082 
610,968 
453,499 
1,081,766 
1,631,542 
617,516 
435,541 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
on 30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
Loans from banks and other financial institutions 
As at 30 June 2024, the BT Group registered liabilities to other banks and financial institutions of RON 
10.13 billion out of which RON 9.03 billion are owed by the Issuer, displaying a 6.1 per cent. growth at 
the BT Group level versus 31 December 2023 when the total amounted to RON 9.55 billion at BT Group 
level and RON 8.58 billion at Issuer level, due to the MREL eligible international bonds of EUR 790 
million issued in April, June and August 2023.  
 The following table shows the loans from governmental entities and financial institutions divided by 
categories and the interest rates applied to them:  
 
BT Group 
Issuer 
In RON 
thousand 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
Loans from 
government 
entities 
33,048 
25,714 
41,546 
28,419 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans from 
commercial 
banks 
943,981 
1,304,939 1,056,817 1,169,348 
376,530 
371,006 
377,263 
374,122 
Romanian 
banks 
567,451 
933,933 
679,554 
795,226 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
376,530 
371,006 
377,263 
374,122 
376,530 
371,006 
377,263 
374,122

--- Page 180 ---
Page 180 
 
Loans from 
development 
banks 
1,240,927 1,420,904 1,151,937 1,337,273 1,200,214 1,366,877 1,113,090 1,284,506 
Loans from 
central banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase 
agreements 
(repo 
transactions) 
363,251 
1,818,574 
973,964 
792,315 
363,251 
1,818,574 
973,964 
792,315 
Other funds 
from financial 
institutions 
139,026 
86,904 
160,922 
55,850 
3,551 
6,026 
3,057 
4,535 
Issued bonds 6,828,334 
183,893 
6,747,391 3,177,303 6,640,249 
- 
6,559,382 2,990,155 
Total 
9,548,567 4,840,928 10,132,577 6,560,508 8,583,795 3,562,483 9,026,756 5,445,633 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
on 30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2023  
 
Currency 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
 
Minimum 
Maximum Minimum 
Maximum Minimum 
Maximum Minimum 
Maximum 
EUR 0.15% 
8.88% 
0.00% 
5.79% 
0.15% 
8.88% 
0.00% 
8.875% 
RON 
0.00% 
ROBOR 
3m+3.3% 
0.00% 
9.27% 
5.10% 
ROBOR 
3m+3.3% 
0.00% 
ROBOR3
m +3% 
MDL 0.00% 
7.46% 
0.00% 
13.60% 
Minimum 
Maximum Minimum 
Maximum 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
In addition, in 2022, the Issuer contracted two new loans from international financial institutions:  
(a) 
on 27 June 2022 the Issuer accessed a loan fully subscribed by IFC, the first ever blue financing 
loan in Central and Eastern Europe, granted with a view to support sustainable use of water in 
Romania, for a term of 7 years. As at 30 June 2024, the balance of the loan was RON 494 
million; 
(b) 
on 2 September 2022, EBRD provided a loan to the Issuer to support its on-lending to 
businesses in the challenging economic environment caused by the war on Ukraine and to help 
it continue supporting the economy, for a term of 3 years. As at 30 June 2024, the balance of 
the loan was RON 124 million.  
On 3 October 2022, a loan contracted by Idea Bank S.A. with maturity in 2027. As of 30 June 2024, the 
balance of the loan components was RON 14.79 million (EIB) and RON 0.78 million (EIF). 
As part of its growth plan, the Issuer issued a series of senior non-preferred MREL eligible notes 
amounting to EUR 500 million in April 2023, under its EUR 1,000,000,000 medium term note 
programme (which concluded in August 2023). As a result of high interest from institutional investors 
in the notes, the Issuer issued further tranches of EUR 100 million and 190 million in June and August 
2023, respectively.

--- Page 181 ---
Page 181 
 
In December 2023, the Issuer issued a series of reset rate sustainable non-preferred MREL eligible notes 
amounting to EUR 500 million. The notes have an ESG label, with a social component (minimum 50 
per cent.) and a green component, being the first of this kind for the Issuer. 
Subordinated liabilities 
Subordinated debt includes subordinated loans from development banks and financial institutions, as 
well as non-convertible bonds. 
As at 30 June 2024, the BT Group’s subordinated loans contracted with development banks, international 
financial institutions and other international funds include the following: 
• 
In 2023, the Issuer issued a package of Tier 2 subordinated notes totalling EUR 200 million; 
EUR 100 million was subscribed by IFC and EUR 100 million was subscribed by the Asian 
Infrastructure Investment Bank. 
 
• 
In 2018, the Issuer issued non-convertible bonds amounting to EUR 285 million, equivalent as 
at 30 June 2024 to RON 1.42 billion (at a closing exchange rate of EUR 1 = RON 4.9771), 
bearing an interest of 6M EURIBOR+3.75 per cent. p.a. and due in 2028. The nominal value 
of each such bond is EUR 100,000.  
In RON 
thousand 
BT Group 
 
Issuer 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
Loans from 
development 
banks and 
financial 
institutions 
12,562 
335,048 
- 
333,218 
- 
312,802 
- 
311,281 
Non-
convertible 
bonds 
2,410,656 1,413,212 2,411,832 2,403,858 2,403,652 1,406,107 2,405,188 2,397,037 
Total 
2,423,218 1,748,260 2,411,832 2,737,076 2,403,652 1,718,909 2,405,188 2,708,318 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
Based on the Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for 2023 and for the period of six months ended on 30 June 2024, the Issuer believes that it was in 
compliance with all financial covenants under its outstanding loans as at 31 December 2023 and as at 30 
June 2024, respectively.  
9. 
Investments 
Recent material investments 
In recent years, the Issuer’s network had undergone significant changes due to digitalisation and global 
changes and trends in the banking industry. The last three years have highlighted the importance of digital

--- Page 182 ---
Page 182 
 
platforms and remote access to financial products and services, contributing significantly to the growth 
in the number of customers using online and mobile banking platforms.  
Beyond the benefits it brings to customers, such as real-time access to their account information, 
immediate payment and transfers, the digitalisation process also helps the streamlining of the Issuer’s 
processes and continuous improvement of the services offered to its customers. 
(a) 
In 2023 the total realised investment budget of the Issuer was RON 381 million (VAT included), 
83 per cent. of the budgeted amount. The main investment areas in the last years were: New online 
solutions:  
• 
In 2023, EUR 300 million was invested in IT equipment, software and digital initiatives, a 
1.6 per cent. increase compared to 2022. 
• 
The Issuer invested in new features introduced in BT Pay, the most popular app for financial 
transactions, such as obtaining consumer loans or credit cards 100 per cent. online from the 
app, round-up savings tool (which allows users to save money while paying with their debit 
card at merchants); debit card issuing from the app, consumer cards reissuing through the app, 
current accounts integration in the app, which allows users access to their current accounts.  
• 
The Issuer launched different digital solutions for entities from fully opening a current online 
account to requesting and receiving approval for a loan online, but one of the main focuses 
was on BT GO, an ecosystem for entrepreneurs which brings together business management 
solution and the financial/ banking needs of a business.  
• 
In May 2024, as a rebranding initiative of the former Idea Bank S.A., Salt Bank was launched, 
being the first 100 per cent. Romanian neobank. It is the first fully digital (without banking 
units) bank “made in Romania”, thus offering banking services to customers only through 
digital channels. Concretely, it offers its services through a mobile banking application (and 
wallet). As an element of differentiation compared to other neo-banks or fintechs that offer 
such platforms, Salt Bank offers customer support services through its own call center. 
(b) 
Involvement in the community 
• 
The BT Groups’ community engagement strategy is based on six principles: 
- 
supporting the Romanian economy and entrepreneurs; 
- 
supporting elite sport activity; 
- 
supporting the cultural & artistic environment; 
- 
supporting young talents and developing new ideas;  
- 
providing support and solidarity to disadvantaged communities; and 
- 
involvement in environmental and environmental protection projects. 
• 
The main sectors for which support is granted by the BT Group are cultural, artistic, 
educational, science and research, humanitarian, philanthropic, sports, protection of human 
rights, medical and health, assistance and social services, environmental protection, social 
and community, representation of professional associations, as well as maintenance, 
restoration, conservation and enhancement of historical monuments. 
• 
During 2023, the Issuer’s community investments amounted to RON 80 million, through over 
450 projects supported with the collaboration of 407 partner organisations. The Issuer’s 
subsidiaries have also made their contribution to communities’ investments totalling more 
than RON 5.5 million. During 2022, the Issuer’s community investments amounted to RON 
30.5 million, while the Issuer’s subsidiaries contributed with more than RON 3.7 million. 
(c) 
Waste management:

--- Page 183 ---
Page 183 
 
The Issuer has been focused on waste management methods, aiming to continuously update all 
processes in order to reduce the amount of waste generated, in particular by reducing consumption 
and by selective and efficient waste collection. In 2021, the Issuer started investing in debit and 
credit cards made of recycled plastic and biodegradable elements. 
Ongoing investments 
The process of accelerated digitalisation continued in 2023 and the first six months of 2024 and is 
envisaged to continue in the next years, with significant increases in the use of the remote banking 
solutions offered to customers. 
In 2023 the number of digitally enabled unique customers increased by 15 per cent. compared to 31 
December 2022, reaching over 3.7 million customers (compared to 3.3 million digitalised clients in 2022) 
and representing 87 per cent. of active customers. As at 30 June 2024, the number of digitally-enabled 
unique customers reached 4.1 million, namely 94 per cent. of active customers, an increase with 9 per 
cent. compared to 2023 and 15 per cent. compared to 2022. Furthermore, the Issuer’s card transactions 
number increased by 22 per cent. when compared to the previous year first half, phone payments 
increased by 40 per cent. as of 30 June 2024, compared to those made in the same period last year and 
there are approximately 4 million unique cards enrolled in the payment applications made available by 
the Issuer (such as, BT Pay, Apple Pay, Google Pay etc.). The allocated budget in 2024 for digital 
initiatives and software improvements is in amount of approximately RON 408.6 million (VAT included). 
For 2024, the Issuer’s investment plan includes the continuous investment in IT and cards, extending its 
agencies and branches, security and other digital initiatives.  
10. Loan portfolio 
Quality of the loan portfolio 
The Issuer pursues a clear and comprehensive risk management policy in terms of loan granting, 
consistent with the applicable legal requirements and correlated with its general strategic objectives, such 
as: adequate and prudent management of risks, diversification of products, mitigation of the negative 
impact generated by the economic environment maximisation of long-term value generation and 
generating a positive impact on the economy and society.  
Concentrations of credit risk that arise from financial instruments exist for groups of counterparties when 
they have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations 
to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. The major concentrations of credit 
risk arise by individual counterparty and by type of customer in relation to the BT Group’s and the 
Issuer’s loans and advances, loan commitments, finance lease and guarantees issued. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s credit portfolio (including leasing receivable) increased by 4.3 per cent. 
when compared to 31 December 2023, and up by 13.4 per cent. when compared to 30 June 2023. At the 
Issuer’s level, net loans as at 30 June 2024 amounted to RON 75.1 billion, up by 4.9 per cent. compared 
to the end of the previous year, and 15.3 per cent. above the balance of net loans as at 30 June 2023. With 
regard to the areas in which the new exposures have been created, they continued to be in sustainable 
and impact areas, such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, mobility/transport, green buildings, 
adaptation to climate risks, and special environmental funding.  
The Issuer, on a separate basis, has a balanced loan portfolio, with an NPL ratio based on EBA 
methodology on a downward trend versus previous year. Non-performing loans based on EBA 
methodology represented 2.1 per cent. of the Issuer’s total loan portfolio at 30 June 2024, increasing 
slightly against 31 December 2023 (where the NPL ratio based on EBA methodology was at 1.98 per 
cent.), but representing a decrease against the NPL ratio as at 31 December 2022 (where the NPL ratio 
based on EBA methodology was at 2.44 per cent.).

--- Page 184 ---
Page 184 
 
The Stage 3 ratio (assets impaired at the reporting date) as at 30 June 2024 was 2.68 per cent. and on 31 
December 2023 was 2.65 per cent. on separate basis (3.18 per cent. and 3.26 per cent. respectively on a 
consolidated basis), lower than that for 2022 of 2.81 per cent. on separate basis (3.31 per cent. on a 
consolidated basis). 
On-balance and Off-balance sheet exposures 
As at 30 June 2024, the total on-balance and irrevocable off-balance sheet exposure was RON 88,618,791 
thousand, compared to RON 85,485,284 thousand as of 31 December 2023 for the BT Group and RON 
83,230,448 thousand, compared to RON 79,930,464 thousand as of 31 December 2023 for the Issuer. 
These amounts reflect the maximum accounting loss that would be recognised at the reporting date if the 
customers failed completely to perform their contractual obligations and if any collateral or security 
proved to be of no value. 
The BT Group and the Issuer hold guarantees for loans and advances to customers in the form of pledge 
over cash deposits, mortgage over property, guarantees and other pledges over equipment and/or 
receivables. The estimates of fair value are based on the collateral value assessed at the date of lending, 
except when a loan is individually assessed subsequently. Collateral is generally not held over loans and 
advances to companies. 
The BT Group and the Issuer use risk grades for loans both individually and collectively assessed. 
According to the BT Group’s and the Issuer’s policies, a loan can be assigned a corresponding risk grade 
based on a 6-level classification: very low risk, low risk, moderate risk, sensitive risk, high risk and the 
highest risk for non-performing loans (default). The classification of loans into groups is mainly based 
on the client scoring systems of the BT Group and the Issuer. 
The table below presents the concentration by class of the on-balance sheet exposures related to the 
Issuer’s and Group’s loan and leasing portfolio: 
 
BT Group  
Issuer 
RON thousand 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
30 June 
2023 
Corporate and 
government 
institutions 
31,891,165 28,526,290 31,409,991 28,992,168 35,424,045 30,397,258 36,017,978 31,509,519 
Small and medium 
enterprises 
10,254,551 9,294,327 11,444,416 9,744,362 9,063,280 8,156,625 10,895,377 8,433,367 
Consumer loans and 
card loans granted to 
retail customers 
13,392,845 12,649,654 14,274,103 13,038,327 12,674,358 11,836,977 13,628,332 12,304,606 
Mortgage loans 
19,053,458 17,384,457 19,446,392 17,276,064 18,701,951 17,018,290 19,012,198 16,940,651 
Loans and finance 
lease receivables 
granted by non- 
banking financial 
institutions 
5,765,371 4,600,644 7,118,424 4,976,031 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
63,142 
74,139 
73,972 
74,403 
57,578 
64,945 
66,507 
67,232

--- Page 185 ---
Page 185 
 
Total loans and 
advances to 
customers and 
financial lease 
receivables before 
impairment 
allowance 
80,420,532 72,529,511 83,767,298 74,101,355 75,921,212 67,474,095 79,620,392 69,255,375 
Allowances for 
impairment losses on 
loans and financial 
lease receivables 
(4,849,625) (4,515,994) (4,978,938) (4,640,639) (4,370,808) (4,024,141) (4,545,962) (4,163,306) 
Total loans and 
advances to 
customers and 
financial lease 
receivables net of 
impairment 
allowance 
75,570,907 68,013,517 78,788,360 69,460,716 71,550,404 63,449,954 75,074,430 65,092,069 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and 
on 30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
The table below contains the on-balance and off-balance sheet exposures (loans and advances to 
customers and financial lease receivables), split by economic sector concentration for 30 June 2024, 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
BT Group  
Issuer 
 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
30 June 2024 
Retail (Mortgage 
and Consumer & 
Cards) 
40.30% 
41.40% 
40.47% 
39.33% 
40.92% 
39.30% 
Trading 
11.43% 
12.31% 
11.48% 
10.34% 
11.60% 
9.96% 
Public institutions
10.92% 
11.49% 
10.87% 
11.65% 
12.43% 
11.56% 
Production 
7.68% 
6.72% 
7.96% 
7.22% 
6.36% 
7.40% 
Services 
4.83% 
4.32% 
5.03% 
4.19% 
4.36% 
4.34% 
Constructions 
4.71% 
4.02% 
5.14% 
4.03% 
3.42% 
4.40% 
Agriculture 
4.10% 
4.31% 
4.06% 
4.05% 
3.79% 
3.99% 
Transportation 
4.07% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
2.97% 
3.05% 
3.00% 
Real estate 
3.57% 
3.31% 
3.69% 
3.76% 
3.53% 
3.87% 
Energy 
3.06% 
2.89% 
1.71% 
3.19% 
3.08% 
1.71% 
Others 
1.97% 
1.89% 
2.10% 
1.57% 
1.53% 
1.66% 
Self-employed 
1.48% 
1.47% 
1.57% 
1.12% 
1.17% 
1.15% 
Financial 
institutions 
1.00% 
0.97% 
1.06% 
5.77% 
4.01% 
6.98% 
Telecommunicatio
ns 
0.53% 
0.49% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.45% 
0.38% 
Mining 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.13% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.09% 
Chemical industry 
0.19% 
0.10% 
0.20% 
0.18% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
Fishing 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.02%

--- Page 186 ---
Page 186 
 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 and ’Issuer's data regarding the six months 
period ended on 30 June 2024 
In addition, the table below sets-out the gross loans and advances to customers before impairment 
allowance (excluding lease receivables) of BT Group with the risk distribution divided by portfolio per 
sectors as of 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023:  
In RON thousand 
BT Group 
 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
Retail 
33,535,169 
34,874,614 
Trading 
8,253,371 
8,340,095 
Manufacturing 
5,247,804 
5,837,779 
Agriculture 
3,304,137 
3,348,173 
Services 
3,545,309 
3,737,900 
Real Estate 
2,905,592 
3,102,540 
Constructions 
2,354,987 
2,552,028 
Transportation 
2,585,858 
2,536,765 
Self-employed 
1,103,274 
1,198,884 
Others 
1,262,629 
1,314,835 
Financial Institutions 
768,736 
826,751 
Telecommunications 
321,982 
294,613 
Energy 
1,941,327 
1,159,022 
Mining 
82,452 
75,951 
Chemical Industry 
150,639 
164,524 
Government Institutions 
9,330,576 
9,629,601 
Fishing 
21,916 
16,214 
Total loans and advances to 
customers before impairment 
allowance (*) 
76,715,758 
79,010,289 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 
Audited Financial Statements for 2023 
Loan collateral policy

--- Page 187 ---
Page 187 
 
The BT Group and the Issuer hold collateral against loans and advances to customers in the form of 
mortgages over land and buildings, pledges on equipment and inventories, letter of guarantees, insurance 
policies and other guarantees. The estimates of fair value are based on the collateral value assessed on 
the loan granting date and periodically updated during the lifespan of the loan, at least annually, 
regardless of the collateral type. 
The pledges presented below comprise pledges without dispossession and do not include guarantees 
related to the lease contracts granted by BT Leasing IFN S.A. 
Property includes land, residential and commercial buildings, “Security interests in movable property” 
includes pledges on movable assets (cars, equipment, inventories etc.) and the category “Other collateral” 
includes collateral deposits and other guarantees received. An analysis of the collateral values split per 
types of loans and advances and lease receivables granted to customers is presented below: 
BT Group 
Issuer 
In RON thousand 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Collaterals related to loans and lease receivables with moderate, sensitive and high risk and impaired loans 
Property 
10,310,465 
9,134,817 
10,203,057 
8,998,014 
Security interests in 
movable property 
1,356,309 
1,236,620 
967,550 
1,125,234 
Other collateral 
2,426,735 
2,156,875 
2,364,575 
2,098,361 
Total 
14,093,509 
12,528,312 
13,535,182 
12,221,609 
Collaterals related to loans and lease receivables with very low risk and low risk 
Property 
51,456,544 
44,423,121 
50,758,471 
43,882,597 
Security interests in 
movable property 
3,578,133 
3,720,619 
2,633,557 
2,528,006 
Other collateral 
6,789,005 
6,283,139 
6,368,216 
5,934,177 
61,823,682 
54,426,879 
59,760,244 
52,344,780 
Total 
75,917,191 
66,955,191 
73,295,426 
64,566,389 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2022 and 2023 
The financial effect of the Issuer’s and BT Group’s collateral is presented separately highlighting the 
collateral values, as follows: 
(a) for those assets in which the collateral is equal to or higher than the book value of the asset (“over-
collateralization of assets”); and 
(b) for those assets in which the collateral is lower than the book value of the asset (“under 
collateralization of assets”).

--- Page 188 ---
Page 188 
 
 
 
BT Group 31 December 2023 
Exposures stage 1 
Exposures stage 2 
Exposures stage 3 
Exposures stage 1 
Exposures stage 2 
Exposures stage 3 
POCI 
In RON thousand 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Corporate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
20,832,352 
6,382,402 
2,362,538 
1,601,041 
337,735 
291,392 
3,447 
80,258 
   - Collateral 
3,941,546 
12,786,793 
974,101 
2,849,112 
97,063 
626,218 
424 
348,818 
Small and medium enterprises 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
4,735,027 
2,612,868 
1,717,144 
647,864 
373,375 
147,264 
3,538 
17,471 
   - Collateral 
2,025,266 
5,091,464 
796,380 
1,675,187 
115,372 
333,460 
1,935 
72,804 
Consumer loans and card loans granted to retail 
customers 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
8,270,433 
1,392,001 
2,344,927 
417,436 
719,929 
170,292 
14,502 
63,325 
   - Collateral 
46,091 
5,389,769 
47,100 
1,154,343 
51,001 
441,953 
6,582 
168,826 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
359,920 
16,474,089 
75,095 
1,913,801 
35,700 
160,545 
7,213 
27,095 
   - Collateral 
271,341 
31,898,453 
54,387 
3,712,987 
22,156 
333,946 
5,845 
58,760 
Loans and finance lease receivables granted by non-
banking financial institutions 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
4,653,369 
28,716 
663,788 
20,759 
366,935 
3,908 
27,896 
           -  
   - Collateral 
323,402 
49,557 
41,811 
64,361 
17,365 
9,388 
299 
262 
Other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
16 
- 
45,451 
925 
16,674 
- 
76 
- 
   - Collateral 
- 
- 
4,051 
7,212 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023

--- Page 189 ---
Page 189 
 
 
 
Source: Audited Financial Statements for 2023
Issuer 31 December 2023 
Exposures stage 1 
Exposures stage 2 
Exposures stage 3 
POCI 
In RON thousand 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Under-
collateralization 
Over-
collateralization 
Corporate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
24,468,963 
6,375,021 
2,311,217 
1,585,722 
316,754 
283,906 
3,446 
79,016 
   - Collateral 
3,843,351 
12,612,270 
949,103 
2,822,877 
92,558 
615,023 
424 
343,203 
Small and 
medium 
enterprises 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
4,337,458 
2,090,179 
1,674,958 
547,180 
321,117 
76,867 
1,470 
14,051 
   - Collateral 
1,823,010 
4,330,917 
773,915 
1,528,326 
73,755 
232,914 
545 
65,419 
Consumer loans 
and card loans 
granted to retail 
customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
7,666,069 
1,382,168 
2,325,810 
417,403 
636,922 
169,841 
12,873 
63,272 
   - Collateral 
44,429 
5,365,962 
47,100 
1,154,267 
50,905 
440,927 
6,581 
168,704 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
210,047 
16,288,292 
71,353 
1,911,240 
30,733 
155,977 
7,214 
27,095 
   - Collateral 
138,091 
31,602,217 
51,026 
3,708,873 
17,548 
326,581 
5,845 
58,760 
Other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   - Gross 
exposure 
17 
- 
40,868 
- 
16,617 
- 
76 
- 
   - Collateral 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
Exposure to high-risk Eurozone countries 
The economy of Eurozone (the main economic partner of Romania) continued to grow at a slower pace in 
2023, with year-on-year growth pace decelerating from 3.4 per cent. in 2022 to 0.5 per cent. in 2023, 
according to the preliminary estimates of Eurostat. 
According to information from the National Institute of Statistics (NIS), the Romanian economy grew by 
2.0 per cent. year-on-year in 2023, decelerating from 4.1 per cent. in 2022. This slowing-down was 
convergent with the dynamics across the Euro area (the main economic partner) and CEE countries, being 
determined by persistently high inflation and past monetary tightening, with unfavourable impact on private 
consumption. In 2023 the GDP of the Euro area and Poland48, rose by year-on-year paces of 0.4 per cent. 
and 0.2 per cent., respectively, whereas the GDP of Czechia,49 and Hungary50 decreased 0.3 per cent., and 
0.9 per cent., respectively.  
 
Sustainable financing 
In 2023 the green loans granted by the Issuer to legal entities amounted to RON 1.116 billion, a 40 per cent. 
growth compared to 2022. In 2023, main lending destinations benefitting the environment, using the CAFI 
(Climate Assessment for Financial Institutions) classification, included: 
(a) 
renewable energy and production – RON 597.7 million; 
(b) 
green buildings – RON 231.2 million;  
(c) 
special climate funding: RON 113.3 million; 
(d) 
energy efficiency: RON 31.7 million; and 
(e) 
blue financing: RON 24.0 million. 
In the first half of 2024, the Issuer granted green loans to companies amounting to RON 474 million51. 
Using the CAFI (Climate Assessment for Financial Institutions) classification, the loans were used for the 
following environmental purposes: 
(a) green buildings – RON 334 million; 
(b) renewable energy – RON 89 million; 
(c) energy efficiency – RON 41 million; 
(d) mobility – RON 8.2 million; and 
(e) special climate funding: RON 1.9 million. 
The bank has set a target of RON 3.5 billion in green loans by the end of 2025 (green loan ratio - 5% of the 
value of the corporate portfolio), with the level of lending in 2023 creating the conditions for achieving this 
target: RON 1 billion of new green financing in 202. 
The green financing of companies is performed through a dedicated green credit IT application (CAFI), 
developed by IFC and implemented in the Issuer from 2020. Any new funding that has a potential positive 
impact on the environment is tested based on criteria set in line with best practice and designated as green 
funding if and only if it is satisfactorily proven, through related calculations, to generate a positive 
environmental impact. 
 
48 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/poland/economic-forecast-poland_en  
49 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/czechia/economic-forecast-czechia_en 
50 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/hungary/economic-forecast-hungary_en  
51
 Source: 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/files/app/media/relatii-investitori/ir-presentations-
roadshows/General%20Presentations/Banca-Transilvania-H1-2024-Financial-Results.pdf

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
At the same time, in 2023, the Issuer granted green mortgage loans worth RON 827 million for the purchase 
of eco-friendly buildings, with grade A energy efficiency certificate. In the first half of 2024, the Issuer 
granted green mortgage loans worth RON 240 million. Approximately 15 per cent. of mortgages granted 
by the Issuer in 2023 and in the first half of 2024 are considered green, while approximately 7.5 per cent. 
of the Issuer’s retail loan portfolio are green loans.  
Impairment methodology  
Based on future scenarios, the BT Group assesses the expected credit loss (“ECL”) related to the loans and 
advances to customers and financial lease receivables, assets in the form debt instruments measured at 
amortised cost. The BT Group assesses specific and collective loan impairments at the end of each month 
for all exposures valued at amortised cost based on IFRS 9, a method which came into force as of 1 January 
2018.  
A general approach in measuring ECL in accordance with IFRS 9 is that it should consider forward looking 
information. 
IFRS 9 outlines a ‘three-stage’ model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since initial 
recognition as summarised below: 
(a) 
a financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition or, for such assets there are no 
indicators fulfilled to presume that has been “an increase in credit risk” is classified in ‘Stage 1’; 
(b) 
if a significant increase in credit risk (‘SICR’) since initial recognition is identified. The financial 
instrument is moved to ‘Stage 2’ but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired; and 
(c) 
if the financial instrument is credit impaired. The financial instrument is then moved to ‘Stage 3’. 
Financial instruments in Stage 1 have their ECL measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime 
expected credit losses that result from default events possible within the next 12 months. Instruments in 
Stages 2 or 3 have their ECL measured based on expected credit losses on a lifetime basis. 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets are those financial assets that are credit impaired 
on initial recognition. Their ECL is always measured on a lifetime basis. 
The following diagram summarises the impairment requirements under IFRS 9 (other than purchased or 
originated credit-impaired financial assets): 
Change in credit quality since initial recognition 
 
Stage 1  
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(Initial recognition) 
(Significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition) 
(Credit-impaired assets) 
12-month expected credit losses 
Lifetime expected credit losses 
Lifetime expected credit 
losses 
 
Parameters used in the calculation of ECL are determined by considering the grouping of financial asset 
portfolios according to similar characteristics considered decisive in originating and monitoring credit risk, 
respectively the type of counterparty (debtor), products and currencies. 
Expected credit losses are the discounted product of the Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default 
(“EAD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”), defined as follows:

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation (as per “Definition 
of default and credit-impaired “above), either over the next 12 months (12M PD), or over the 
remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. 
(b) 
EAD is based on the amounts the BT Group expects to be owed at the time of default, over the 
next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD). 
(c) 
LGD represents a Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. LGD varies 
by type of counterparty and availability of collateral or other credit support. 
The ECL is determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month and for each individual 
exposure. The ECL for each future month is then discounted back to the reporting date and summed. 
Parameters used in the calculation of ECL are determined by considering the grouping of financial asset 
portfolios according to similar characteristics considered decisive in originating and monitoring credit risk, 
respectively the type of counterparty (debtor), products and currencies. 
The 12-month and lifetime EADs are determined based on the expected payment profile, which varies by 
product type: 
(a) 
for amortizing products and bullet repayment loans, this is based on the contractual repayments 
owed by the borrower over a 12 months or lifetime basis; and 
(b) 
for revolving products and other commitments, for determining the exposure in default, the unused 
part is taken into account, being applied a credit conversion factor, estimated by the Issuer, based 
on its own historical analysis. 
In determining whether a significant increase in credit risk occurred since initial recognition the BT Group 
considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and can be obtained without undue cost 
and effort. The assessment of the significant increase of the risk is made at individual level, analysing the 
criteria of each asset. 
The BT Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk 
when one or more of the following quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met: 
(b) 
Quantitative criteria: 
The Issuer uses quantitative criteria as the primary indicator of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) 
for all material portfolios. Quantitative SICR indicators include a comparison of the remaining lifetime PD 
at reporting data with the residual lifetime PD at the date of initial recognition. The Issuer established 
thresholds for significant increases in credit risk based on both a percentage (relative) and absolute change 
in PD compared to initial recognition. The degree of deterioration will depend on the level of the initial 
rating. In general, a significant increase in credit risk is considered to have occurred with a relative increase 
of more than 150 per cent. compared to the initial PD for companies and more than 100 per cent. for 
individuals. Regarding absolute threshold, this is set to more than 100bp for individuals and more then 
200bp for companies. Qualitative criteria for retail portfolios (individuals):  
• 
Significant increase in credit risk perceived by the risk analysis team for individually 
assessed exposures;  
• 
It is classified as performing restructured;  
• 
LTV analysis for secured retail loans (above a relative threshold combined with days past 
due indicator);

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
 
• 
Denominated in high-risk currency category;  
• 
Loan products with higher associated risk; 
• 
Facilities owned by customers with sensitive ratings;  
• 
Change in rating grade; and 
• 
The number of days past due recorded by the debtor. 
(c) 
Qualitative criteria for company portfolios: 
• 
Significant increase in credit risk perceived by the risk analysis team for individually 
assessed exposures (debtor level), concluded through including these in the Issuer’s Watch 
List; 
• 
Significant adverse changes in business, financial and/or economic conditions in which the 
borrower operates (rating deterioration); 
• 
Actual or expected forbearance operation; 
• 
Early signs of cash flow/liquidity problems such as delay in servicing of trade 
creditors/loans; 
• 
The borrower is assigned to Remediation department; 
• 
Facilities owned by customers with sensitive ratings; and 
• 
The number of days past due recorded by the debtor. 
(d) 
Backstop  
This is applied, and the financial instrument considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit 
risk, if the borrower is more than 30 days past due on its contractual payments. Also, when the whole 
outstanding amount of the loan becomes overdue (its final maturity date is passed), then it will be classified 
in stage 2. 
The high level of provisioning reflects the Issuer’s preventive approach as well as the change in 
methodology in calculating provisions taking into account the recommendations of the NBR and EBA. This 
category mirrors also the increase in new loan production during the year. 
The total balance of impairment allowances of the Issuer was RON 4,546 million as at 30 June 2024 
compared to RON 4,371 million as at 31 December 2023, increasing by 4 per cent.  
The NPL coverage ratio in stage 3 (by taking into account a ratio between the allowances for impairment 
losses on loans and financial lease receivables and the total loans and advances to customers and financial 
lease receivables before impairment allowance), on a consolidated basis, was set out as follows: 65.22 per 
cent. as at 30 June 2024, 63.80 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, 65.20 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 
and 64.00 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. The same indicator on a separate basis stood at 68.63 per cent. 
as at 30 June 2024, 67.52 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, 66.05 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 and 
64.12 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
The NPL coverage ratio based on EBA methodology (separate basis) slightly decreased to 200 per cent.as 
at 30 June 2024 from a level of 203 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. 
11. Risk management 
The BT Group’s objective in terms of risk management is to integrate the assumed medium-risk appetite in 
the Issuer’s decision-making process, by promoting a proper alignment between assumed risks, available

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
 
capital and performance targets, while also considering the tolerance to financial and non-financial risks. 
In determining the risk appetite and tolerance, the BT Group takes into consideration all the material risks 
it is exposed to, given its specific activity and being mainly influenced by the credit risk. 
The Issuer’s risk management is performed at two levels: a strategic level represented by the Board of 
Directors and the Leaders’ Committee and an operational level represented by the other committees. The 
Issuer’s leaders, the executive managers and the risk management structures within the Issuer are 
responsible for the definition and/or monitoring of risk management policies in their field of expertise. The 
Board of Directors periodically reviews the activity of these committees.  
The Board of Directors monitors the compliance with the BT Group’s and the Issuer’s risk policies and the 
adequacy of the general risk management framework in connection with the risks to which the BT Group 
and the Issuer are exposed to. The Risk Management Committee advises the Board of Directors regarding 
the risk appetite and the global strategy regarding the management of the current and future risks and assists 
the Board of Directors in overseeing the implementation of the strategy by the Leaders’ Committee. 
Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly (mainly annually) with the participation of 
the Leaders Committee and the responsible persons from different departments involved, in order to reflect 
the changes in market conditions, as well as in the products and services provided.  
The crisis simulation process is an integral part of the risk management process. The Issuer reviews the 
crisis simulation programme regularly, at least semi-annually, and assesses its efficiency and adequacy to 
the defined purposes/objectives. 
The risk management framework within the BT Group is based on the following principles that apply to all 
activities and risk types: 
(a) 
the existence of a solid culture in terms of risk management, both at the level of the BT Group’s 
structures and at the level of its business lines; 
(b) 
protection of the financial stability: the Issuer controls the risk in order to limit the impact of potential 
adverse events on the capital and profitability; 
(c) 
limiting excessive risk taking; 
(d) 
ensuring a solid and sustainable capital and financing base; 
(e) 
independent perspective: the risk management function is structured to identify, assess, monitor and 
report risks; the risk management function, as well as the compliance and internal audit functions 
operate independently of the activity lines that they monitor and control, in order to ensure the 
integrity of the Issuer’s control processes; 
(f) 
portfolio diversity in order to prevent dangerous concentration risks; 
(g) 
limiting the concentration and volatility of the income sources; 
(h) 
homogenous approach and global risk monitoring at BT Group level; 
(i) 
compliance with the norms and regulations imposed by the national and international authorities in 
the field; 
(j) 
the existence of business continuity plans for the banking activities; 
(k) 
issuance and periodic revision of the recovery plan at the level of the BT Group; and 
(l) 
no activities that would reduce transparency, such as off-shore jurisdictions, or via certain structures 
that decrease transparency.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
 
Risk management is part of all decisional and business processes that take place within the BT Group’s and 
the Issuer’s activity. In this context, the Issuer’s management: 
(a) 
continuously assesses the risks likely to affect the Issuer’s business and goals and takes actions 
whenever any changes appear in its business conditions; 
(b) 
ensures the existence of an adequate activity management framework within the Issuer, considering 
both internal factors (the complexity of the organisational structure, the nature of the activity, staff 
quality and fluctuation) and external factors (macroeconomic factors, legislation changes, 
competition changes in the banking sector, technological progress). The risk management framework 
includes internal regulations, limits and controls that ensure the identification, assessment, 
monitoring, mitigation and reporting of the risks pertaining to the Issuer’s activity in general and 
where applicable, at the level of the business lines. 
(c) 
identifies the risks: the Issuer’s exposure to business-related risks in its daily operations and 
transactions (including lending, dealing, and capital market operations) is identified and aggregated 
in the Issuer’s risk management infrastructure. 
(d) 
evaluates/measures the risk: the Issuer performs an evaluation of identified risks by specific models 
and calculation methods: a system of ratios with related limits, a methodology for assessing the risk 
events likely to generate losses, calculation of specific risk provisions for impaired assets, estimation 
of the future evolution of assets value, etc. 
(e) 
monitors and controls the risks: the policy and the procedures implemented for an effective risk 
management are meant to mitigate risks inherent to the business. The Issuer implemented procedures 
for the supervision and approval of decision and trading limits per person/ unit/ product etc. Such 
limits are monitored daily/ weekly/ monthly depending on the specific and performance of the 
operations. 
(f) 
reports the risk: for the specific risk categories, the Issuer has established transparent regular 
reporting mechanisms, so that the management body and all the relevant units are provided with 
precise, concise, comprehensible and significant reports in due time, and to be able to exchange 
relevant information on risk identification, quantification or assessment and monitoring. 
(g) 
computes and assesses the internal capital and the needs of internal capital: for the assessment of 
capital adequacy to risks, the Issuer identifies and evaluates all significant risks to which it is or 
might be exposed. The Issuer continuously calculates and assesses its internal capital and internal 
capital requirements to cover the Issuer’s business needs and risks. 
Management consider that the main risk categories to which the BT Group is exposed to are: 
(a) 
Credit risk 
(b) 
Liquidity and credit risk 
(c) 
Operational risk 
(d) 
Market risk 
(e) 
Interest rate risk related to activities outside the trading book 
(f) 
Reputational risk 
(g) 
The risk associated with excessive usage of leverage 
(h) 
Strategic risk

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Systemic risk 
(j) 
Compliance risk 
Credit Risk 
The management of credit risk is periodically updated and improved. It is designed to cover all credit 
exposures deriving from the banking business and includes the following basic components: 
• 
risk assessment system for new credit products or significant changes in the existing products; 
• 
lending methodology to ensure a healthy credit portfolio; 
• 
integrated IT systems to manage the relationship with the clients and originate loans, both for loans 
granted to companies, and to individuals; 
• 
individual counterparty rating system; 
• 
risk assessment system for transactions; 
• 
validation process of the models; 
• 
active management of loan portfolio; 
• 
concentration 
limits 
on 
client/group 
of 
clients/products/regional/sectorial/collateral 
suppliers/types of collateral; 
• 
pricing methodology based on risks; 
• 
methodology for identifying higher real or potential risk (early warning); systematic and consistent 
system to establish proper allowances for the loss in accordance with the applicable accounting 
regulations in the field of credit risk; 
• 
proactive management of fraud risk; 
• 
continuous improvement of the overdue collection process; and 
• 
back-testing methodology for provisions allocated to the Issuer’s loan portfolio regarding the 
adequacy of the default probability parameter, the non-repayment status and the provision level. 
The management of credit risk consists mainly in: 
• 
organizing an internal procedure system, capable to create the legal framework applied in the 
lending process, allowing the avoidance and minimisation of risks offset; development/ 
improvement of credit risk management procedures (strategy, policies, norms related to credit risk 
management); permanent enhancement of approval /loan granting activities; 
• 
the maintenance of an adequate process for credit management, control and monitoring; and 
• 
the organisational structure of the Issuer, as there are departments and committees with 
responsibilities in credit risk supervision and management. 
As part of its credit risk management, in December 2023 the Issuer entered into a non-STS synthetic 
securitisation transaction with the European Investment Fund (“EIF”) and the European Investment Bank 
(“EIB”), effective from 31 March 2024. The synthetic securitisation transaction is structured on a portfolio 
of loans granted to legal entities, with the initial securitisation being for an amount of RON 2,027.5 million. 
In the context of the securitisation transaction, the Issuer retains at least 5 per cent. of the exposure of each 
loan included in the securitisation portfolio. The credit risk of the mezzanine and senior tranches is 
transferred to the EIF, while the credit risk of the junior tranche, representing 1.6 per cent. from initial 
portfolio, is assumed by the Issuer.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
As part of the arrangement, EIF, acting as guarantor, issued an irrevocable and unconditional financial 
guarantee in favour of the Issuer, guaranteeing the coverage of the loss related to each reference obligation, 
should such loss be allocated to the mezzanine and senior tranche, for an initial aggregate amount of RON 
1,995.1 million (representing 98.4 per cent. of securitised portfolio, after exceeding the losses retained by 
the Issuer related to junior tranche and synthetic excess spread, which cumulatively represent 2.8 per cent. 
of the total volume of the initial portfolio).  
The guarantee is set to expire on 31 December 2039. The EIF guarantee is counter-guaranteed by the EIB 
through a back-to-back hedging arrangement.  
In order to fulfil its objective to support the real economy by transferring the benefits of more efficient use 
of the Issuer's capital to the end-customer, in the form of a lower cost of loan, the Issuer has concluded with 
the EIB a Mezzanine and a Senior Retrocession Agreement and Commitment Agreement for increased 
support for SMEs and Midcaps, to supply new lending of more than RON 2.64 billion, including financing 
projects aligned with climate action and environmental sustainability, thus supporting the transition to a 
low-carbon economy.  
The below stated amounts represent the securitised portfolio as of 30 June 2024: 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 
The credit risk appetite determined a priori for 2023 was "medium -low". 
Liquidity Risk 
The liquidity risk appetite in 2023 was "low" due to the structural correlations of the Issuer’s assets and 
liabilities, namely the mix of instruments designed for the use of temporary liquidity excess, but also due 
to the weight of stable resources raised from clients in total funds; the liquidity risk profile is determined 
in a conscious manner and in line with the international and domestic market conditions, but also by 
considering the Issuer’s development under the current legal circumstances, with the purpose to achieve 
both prudential and profitability requirements. Liquidity management is centralised within the Issuer. 
In liquidity management, the Issuer applies a series of principles regarding the quality, maturity, diversity 
and degree of the assets risks, while establishing carefully monitored sets of limits to ensure the compliance 
with the principles and also with the set returns (concentration, liquid, eligible assets etc.). 
For effective liquidity risk management, the Issuer is constantly focused on obtaining liquidities via treasury 
operations, external financing, capital markets, etc., by taking into account various factors such as the 
Issuer’s rating, the issuance maturity and volume of the exposures and the analysis of the markets on which 
it trades. 
Efficient liquidity management is performed also intraday to ensure all the assumed settlements/payments 
by the Issuer, on own behalf or on the customers’ behalf, in RON of FCY, over the account or cash, within 
the internal, legal and compulsory limits. 
Moreover, the Issuer also applies a liquidity buffer to cover the additional liquidity needs that may occur 
on a short period of time under stress conditions. 
RON million 
Date of 
contract 
End of 
maturity 
Portfolio 
type 
Maximum 
amount of 
securitized 
portfolio 
Securitized 
portfolio 
(Nb. Loans) 
Outstanding 
amount 
EIF 
synthetic 
securitization 
2023 
2039 
SME & 
CO 
2,027.5 
14,710  
 2,025.2

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
 
During 2023, the Issuer recorded very good levels of liquidity indicators, thus demonstrating a strong 
position, registering a more comfortable liquidity level in a fragile overall economic context. 
Furthermore, attention is given to: 
• 
correlation of the growth rate of resources/loans; 
• 
diversification of the range of instruments correlated with the institution’s risk appetite; 
• 
monitoring of liquidity coverage ratio (LCR); and 
• 
adequate capital allocation. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk represents the risk to incur losses from defective processes, errors generated by IT systems, 
inadequate employee activities and other external events. 
To identify, evaluate, monitor and diminish the operational risk, the Issuer: 
• 
permanently assesses the operational risk exposures, based on historical data;  
• 
assesses the products, processes and systems to determine the associated risk levels and to 
implement the necessary measures to eliminate/diminish the risk or bring them to acceptable 
levels; and 
• 
identifies, assesses, monitors and manages the risks associated with information technology (ICT), 
it has appropriate processes and controls in place to ensure that all risks are identified, analysed, 
measured, monitored, managed, reported and maintained within the risk appetite and that the 
projects and systems they deliver and the activities they perform are in line with the external and 
internal requirements. 
In order to achieve the main objective of efficient operational risk management within the current banking 
activity, it is necessary to continuously monitor the controls implemented at different levels, to assess their 
efficiency and to implement adequate measures for the reduction of the impact of operational risk events. 
The BT Group’s strategy for decreasing the exposure to operational risk is based mainly on permanent 
compliance with the current legal framework and market conditions, personnel training, the efficiency of 
the internal control systems (organisation and implementation), continuous improvement of IT systems and 
consolidation of IT security systems of the Issuer, usage of alternative means to reduce the risks (signing 
of specific insurance policies, implementing measures to limit and reduce the effects of identified 
operational risk incidents via current activity standardisation, automatisation of a large number of processes, 
continuously monitored; reducing the redundant data volume collected at the level of different entities of 
the Issuer; assessment of products, processes and systems in order to determine the significant ones in terms 
of inherent operational risk), capitalizing the recommendations and conclusions resulted as a consequence 
of performed controls by internal and external bodies in the operational risk field, update of continuity plans, 
as well as the evaluation and testing of the processes on a regular basis. 
The operational risk assessment is closely related to the Issuer’s overall risk management: its results are 
part of the operational risk monitoring and control process and is constantly compared with the risk profile 
defined in the risk management strategy. 
The operational risk appetite determined a priori for 2023 was "medium-low". 
Market Risk

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
 
The market risk profile adopted by the Issuer was "medium-low" in 2023 due to the structure and size 
of the trading portfolio, the prudential approach of all operations running such a risk and the numerous 
limits implemented and daily monitored within the Issuer’s current business. In order to reduce market risk 
inherent for operations performance, the Issuer adopted a prudential approach to protect its profits from 
fluctuations in prices, interests and exchange rates on the market, which represent external and independent 
factors. The Issuer implements a series of principles in terms of quality, maturity, diversity and risk degree 
of the constitutive elements.  
The Issuer performs a daily evaluation of all banking positions, marking to market its trading book, of the 
positions at the directly available closing prices, coming from independent sources, such as: prices on the 
stock exchange, electronic quotations, quotations from several independent, well-known brokers, in 
accordance with the applicable internal regulations and monitors the "warning" or "alert" levels, using 
backup plans in case of unstable market conditions. 
The market risk analysis is based on the three main risk sub-categories below, with the purpose of 
combining prudential and profitability requirements: 
Interest Rate and Price Risk  
The management of this type of risk is adapted and permanently adjusted to the Romanian and international 
financial-banking market conditions and the general economic background. The interest rate risk is 
analysed within the stress tests performed for the portfolio of securities held by the Issuer and the price risk 
is analysed within the stress tests related to the share and fund unit portfolio held by the Issuer. No 
information on risk level is available at this moment. 
Foreign Exchange Risk  
The Issuer applies a series of rules with regard to operations sensitive to exchange rate fluctuations, the 
realisation, registration and mark-to-market thereof, as well as the impact of exchange rates on the Issuer’s 
assets, liabilities and balance sheet. No information on risk level is available at this moment. 
Counterparty credit risk and settlement risk from exposures resulting from derivative financial 
instruments and from transactions with financial instruments. 
This risks represents a possible loss that could occur because of a wrong settlement of the treasury 
operations; the purpose of this risk management type is to adopt a prudent policy regarding the selection of 
counter-parties, custodians, the management of counterparty operations and the maturities of the related 
operations. No information on risk level is available at this moment. 
Interest Rate Risk Related to Activities Outside the Trading Book.  
The interest rate risk profile in activities outside the Issuer’s trading book was "low" for 2023, in 
2023 the Issuer adopting a set of strict principles for the management and monitoring of such risk, including 
establishing a risk management process focused on keeping interest rates within prudential limits. The 
interest rate risk management aims to minimise the possible negative impact on net income, as well as to 
preserve the economic value of the equity under the conditions of adverse fluctuations of the interest rates. 
The Issuer uses management tools such as GAP analysis, the economic value of assets, forecasts regarding 
the interest rate trends, the interest types and levels of the Issuer’s products, depending on currency and 
maturity, the volumes of different balance-sheet items sensitive to interest rates, fees and commissions, 
directly or indirectly influenced by interest rate changes, limits recommended in the interest rate gap 
management. 
A detailed analysis of credit, liquidity and market and interest rate risk is available in the BT Group’s 
consolidated financial statements. The BT Group fits within the assumed risk limits of the Issuer, promoting

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
 
an adequate alignment for the assumed risks, available capital and performance targets, taking into 
consideration the tolerance to financial and non-financial risk. 
Reputational Risk 
The reputation risk is the risk to incur losses or to fail in achieving estimated profits due to the lack of public 
confidence in the integrity of the BT Group. The appetite to reputational risk for 2023 was established 
at "low", based on public and business partners’ confidence maintenance and the economic-financial 
position of the Issuer. The management of the reputation risk is performed by way of: undertakings in order 
to attract the best partners, both clients and suppliers; recruitment and retention of best employees; 
minimizing litigations; strict regulations; prevention of crisis situations; and the consolidation of the 
Issuer’s credibility and the shareholders’ confidence; ongoing improvement of the relationship with 
shareholders; establishing a more favourable environment for investments and access to capital; continuous 
and open communication with stakeholders (shareholders, mass media, clients, partners, employees, 
authorities, etc.). 
Risk of Excessive Leverage 
The leverage concept represents the relative dimension of assets, off balance-sheet commitments and 
contingent obligations to pay, to render a service or to grant real guarantees, inclusive of obligation arising 
from the financing received, assumed commitments, derivative instruments or repo transactions and 
exclusive of obligations that can only be executed during the liquidation of the institution, in relation to the 
own funds of the institution. 
The Issuer treats cautiously the issue of leverage related risk, taking into consideration the potential 
increases of this risk as a result of own funds deterioration due to expected or incurred losses in accordance 
with applicable accounting regulations. The a priori risk appetite of the Issuer towards the leverage related 
risk was set to "low" in 2023, determined through the utilisation of some quantitative methods for evaluation 
and mitigation. 
The Issuer has implemented a risk management framework associated with the excessive use of leverage, 
the main objectives of which are to protect the financial stability of the Issuer, limit excessive risk-taking, 
limit concentrations and diversify the portfolio, as well as ensuring a solid and sustainable capital and 
financing base. 
Strategic Risk 
The strategic risk is the current or future risk for profits and capital to be negatively affected by changes in 
the business environment, by unfavourable business decisions, improper implementation of decisions or 
the low adaptability to changes in the business environment. The strategic risk appetite was set as "low" 
in 2023 based on the following aspects: risk management practices are a part of the Issuer’s strategic 
planning, the exposure to strategic risk reflects strategic goals that are not excessively "aggressive" and are 
compatible with the developed business strategies, the business initiatives are well designed and supported 
by communication channels, operating systems and adequate delivery networks. 
In order to ensure effective strategic risk management, the BT Group conducts regular reassessments of its 
business strategy, draws up plans for the introduction of new business lines, products and services, for the 
expansion of existing services and for the infrastructure consolidation. The BT Group also performs 
analysis of the environment in which it operates in order to highlight the strategic risk factors to which it is 
exposed. 
Systemic Risk 
The system risk is the risk of disrupting the financial system, which can have very serious negative 
consequences for the financial system and the real economy.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer’s objective is to ensure the general framework for establishing an adequate management of the 
systemic risk, in the sense of preventing and protecting the Issuer both against possible negative effects that 
the system may have on the institution, and vice versa. In this respect, the Issuer has comprehensive 
regulations on risk management, which include, in addition to the general risk management policy and 
strategy, financing plans in crisis and recovery conditions, which aim to control risks, and in case of special 
situations can stabilise the institution and restore its financial position as soon as possible, without adversely 
affecting the market. 
At the same time, in order to protect itself from the system risk generated by the other market participants, 
the Issuer has established exposure limits towards its counterparties and constantly monitors the exposure 
towards them. No information on risk level is available at this moment. 
Compliance Risk 
In accordance with the requirements of NBR’s Regulation no. 5/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions, the BT Group ensures the ongoing development of the compliance activity, thus providing a 
permanent and efficient compliance risk management framework. 
In this respect, the compliance function, as an integral part of the BT Group’s control functions, has 
provided the management body with consultancy on the implementation of the legal and regulatory 
framework and on the standards that the Group had to meet. Thanks to the involvement and support of this 
function, the possible impact of any legal and regulatory changes on the BT Group’s activities has been 
assessed on an ongoing basis. 
The main levers through which the BT Group ensures an efficient management of the compliance risks are 
the following: 
• 
development and application of the compliance risk assessment methodologies through the use of risk 
indicators; 
• 
monitoring the compliance and communicating results according to the Issuer’s reporting lines; 
• 
analysis of those situations with potential conflict of interest at the Issuer and subsidiaries level; 
• 
periodic review of the indicators’ limit, motivated by the occurrence of new risk events that were not 
taken into account in the initial assessment; and 
• 
formulating proposals of measures leading to the mitigation / elimination of risk events that generated 
the increase of the indicators level. 
The appetite for compliance risk in the Issuer was set for 2023 as "low".  
12. Capital requirements 
The European Union’s legal framework for banks which applies to the Issuer and the BT Group is based 
on the Basel III guidelines. In this regard, the Issuer is required to satisfy first the applicable minimum 
capital requirements pursuant to the CRR ("Pillar 1 Requirement"). In addition to these minimum capital 
requirements, the Issuer must at all times meet the capital requirements that are imposed by the NBR 
following the supervisory review and evaluation process ("Pillar 2 Requirement" and together with Pillar 
1 Requirement, the "TSCR").  
Further, the Issuer must also satisfy at all times a combined buffer requirement, which consists of the sum 
of: (a) a capital conservation buffer, (b) a systemic risk buffer, and (c) an O-SII Buffer, in each case, on a 
consolidated basis. The TSCR and the combined buffer requirement make up the Issuer’s OCR, which 
operates as its maximum distributable amount threshold.

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the OCR of the Issuer amounted to 16.37 per cent., consisting 
of:  
(a) 10.87 per cent. TSCR (comprising of 8 per cent. Pillar 1 Requirement and 2.87 per cent. Pillar 2 
Requirement); and 
(b) 5.5 per cent. combined buffer requirement.  
As of 31 December 2022, the OCR of the Issuer amounted to 15.87 per cent., consisting of:  
(a) 10.87 per cent. TSCR (comprising an 8 per cent. Pillar 1 Requirement and 2.87 per cent. Pillar 2 
Requirement); and 
(b) 5.0 per cent. combined buffer requirement.  
As at 30 June 2024, the BT Group and the Issuer complied with the regulations on capital adequacy, the 
level of the capital adequacy ratio exceeding the minimum mandatory requirements imposed by the law. 
The table below shows the main indicators monitored by the NBR through the prudential supervision 
system, deemed most significant for the Issuer’s evolution: 
Ratio 
Required level 
Issuer 
level 
31 
December 2021 
Issuer 
level 
31 
December 2022 
Issuer 
level 
31 
December 2023 
Issuer 
level 
30 
June 2024 
CAR (with profit 
included) 
>8% 
24.48% 
21.61% 
21.97% 
27.84% 
The internal capital adequacy assessment process within the Issuer is part of the administration and 
management process of the credit institution, of its decision-making culture, which states that the 
management body ensures the proper identification, measurement, aggregation and monitoring of the 
Issuer’s risks, and provides for an adequate internal capital in line with the risk profile and the use and 
development of effective risk management systems. 
The following computation methods are used by the Issuer and the BT Group: 
(a) credit risk: RWA (risk weighted assets) standardised approach; 
(b) market risk: capital requirements with respect to the foreign exchange risk and the trading portfolio are 
calculated based on the standardised approach; and 
(c) operational risk: capital requirements for the coverage of operational risk are calculated according to 
the basic indicator approach. 
The BT Group manages its capital base in a flexible manner, by monitoring regulatory capital requirements 
according to the NBR and CRR, by anticipating the adequate adjustments required for the achievement of 
its objectives, as well as by optimizing the structure of assets and shareholders’ equity. 
Planning and monitoring take into consideration total own funds (core tier 1, supplementary tier 1 and tier 
2) on the one hand and risk-weighted assets (RWA) on the other hand. 
Without prejudice to art. 383 para. (1) letter i) of the CRD IV Regulation, the Issuer holds and maintains at 
all times a sufficient amount of authorised share capital or of other Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, so 
that, in the event that NBR exercises the powers referred to in art. 383 para. (1) let. e) and f) in relation to 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, the Issuer is not prevented from issuing sufficient new shares or other 
instruments of ownership to ensure that the conversion of liabilities into shares or other instruments of 
ownership could be carried out effectively.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
 
According to the applicable legal requirements on regulatory capital, the BT Group’s and the Issuer’s own 
funds include: 
(a) Tier I, which includes subscribed and paid in capital, share premiums, eligible reserves, retained 
earnings and deductions laid down in the applicable legal provisions; and 
(b) Tier II own funds, which include subordinated loans and deductions laid down in the applicable legal 
provisions. 
The level of own funds as at 30 June 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are as follows: 
 
 
BT Group 
Issuer 
In RON, 
thousand 
30 June 
2024 
 
30 June 
2023 
 
31 
December 
2023 
 
31 
December 
2022 
30 June 
2024 
 
30 June 
2023 
 
31 
December 
2023 
 
31 
December 
2022 
Tier 1 
own funds 
15,362,583 
11,668,469 
12,692,053 
11,123,258 
14,098,634 
10,874,314 
11,363,215 
10,234,719 
Tier 2 
own funds 
2,121,316 
2,395,653 
2,262,063 
1,461,455 
2,120,888 
2,391,065 
2,260,454 
1,453,940 
Total own 
funds 
17,483,899 
14,064,122 
14,954,116 
12,584,713 
16,219,522 
13,265,379 
13,623,669 
11,688,659 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2023 and on 
30 June 2024 and Audited Financial Statements 2022 and 2023 
As of 30 June 2024, The Issuer meets and exceeds its MREL requirements of 24.60 per cent. and its 
subordination requirements of 21.10 per cent, which came into effect on 1st of January 2024, namely 
registers a MREL capacity of 37.67 per cent. and compliance with the subordination requirement, having 
36.92 per cent. eMREL subordinated debt and own funds. 
The capital adequacy ratio ("CAR") is calculated as a ratio between own funds and total risk weighted 
assets: 
 
BT Group 
Issuer 
In % 
30 June 2024 
 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
 
30 June 2024 
 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
 
Core tier one 
ratio 
22.98 
18.29 
18.40 
24.20 
18.32 
18.92 
Tier 1 ratio 
22.98 
18.29 
18.40 
24.20 
18.32 
18.92 
Tier 2 ratio 
3.17 
3.26 
2.4 
3.64 
3.65 
2.7 
CAR 
26.15 
21.55 
20.81 
27.84 
21.97 
21.61 
Source: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the six months period ended on 30 June 2024 and 
Audited Financial Statements 2022 and 2023 
An additional evidence of the solid capital levels of the Issuer and of BT Group is also the level of annual 
payouts and dividends, as follows:  
(a) in 2021 (for the profit of 2020), the Issuer has issued free shares with the value of RON 573.77 
million representing 47.9 per cent. of the Issuer’s net profit (on a separate basis) and dividends of

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 -
 
 
 
RON 500 million representing 41.8 per cent.; the total payout ratio of the Issuer’s profit was at 
89.7 per cent.; 
(b) in 2022 (for the profit of 2021), the Issuer has issued free shares with the value of RON 765.11 
million representing 42.9 per cent. of the Issuer’s net profit (on a separate basis) and dividends of 
RON 800 million representing 44.9 per cent.; the total payout ratio of the Issuer’s profit was at 
87.8 per cent.;  
(c) in 2023 (for the profit of 2022), BT Group has issued 91,000,000 free shares, with a nominal value 
of 10 RON/share, with the value of RON 910 million representing 41.8 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
net profit (on a separate basis). The Issuer’s remaining net profit has been transferred to reserve to 
sustain further growth plans in 2023 and beyond; 
(d) On 29 September 2023, the Ordinary General Shareholders Meeting of the Issuer approved a 
dividend distribution from the profit of 2022 as well as the reserves of the previous years as 
follows: RON 897,540,893 from the net profit reserves related to the year 2022 (41.2 per cent.), 
as well as RON 4,914,768.77 from the net profit reserves related to the previous years, totalling 
RON 902,455,661.77 in cash dividends. Pursuant to this decision, the total pay-out ratio of the 
Issuer’s profit for 2022 increased to 83.0 per cent.; and 
(e) On 25 April 2024, the Ordinary General Shareholders Meeting of the Issuer approved (i) a cash 
dividend distribution from the profit of 2023 in the amount of RON 1,000,000,000 from the net 
profit reserves for the year 2023  (the gross dividend/share was of RON 1.2521000331); and (ii) 
issuance of 118,221,613 free shares, with a nominal value of RON 10 each and a total nominal 
value of RON 1,182,216,130, from the net profit reserves for the year 2023. Pursuant to this 
decision, the total pay-out ratio of the Issuer’s profit for 2023 was at 87.6 per cent. 
13. Management 
The Issuer’s management is organised based on a one-tier system of corporate governance, through the 
Board of Directors which delegates the management of the Issuer to the Leaders Committee, ensuring the 
executive management under the supervision of the Board of Directors. 
The Issuer believes it is in compliance with the provisions of applicable mandatory regulations and the 
regulations of the Bucharest Stock Exchange. The general structure and operating conditions of the Issuer 
are contained in its Articles of Association, which are approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders. 
The following diagram illustrates the main management structure of the Issuer.

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The management of the Issuer is entrusted by the General Meeting of Shareholders to a Board of Directors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with the guidance, coordination, supervision and control of the Issuer’s 
management. Its main tasks include appointment the executive management, monitoring of the achievement 
of the strategy and objectives adopted by the General Meeting of Shareholders, approval of draft budget 
and investment programmes to be presented to the General Meeting of Shareholders, approval and 
implementation of a strategic plan for at least two years (reviewed at least annually), supervision of the 
compliance risk management, assessment of capital adequacy towards risks, approval of various policies. 
General Shareholders Meeting
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Risk 
Management 
Committe
Leaders 
Committee
Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO)
Procurement Committee (C.Ach)
Human Resources Committee (CRU)
Committee for Credit Policy and Approval 
(CPAC) from BT Headquarters
Credit Risk Committee from BT Headquarters 
(Mediation Committee, CCR1 and CCR2)
Committees Specific to the Activity of the Credit 
Recovery Department and the Workout, 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Department (CW1, 
CW2, CRS, CR1, CR2 and CRW)
Committee for Monitoring Debt Enforcement and 
Assets Recovery (CMESVA)
Special Committee for Approval of Legal 
Enforcement/Litigation Status (CES)
Financial Institutions Credit Committee (CCIF)
Branch Credit and Risk Committee (CCRS)
Data and Business Intelligence Steering 
Committee
Operational Risk Committee (C Risc op.)
2nd Tier Control Committee (CCL2)
Remuneration 
Committe
Nomination 
Committee

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
 
The business addresses for the members of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer’s headquarters, located at 
30 – 36 Calea Dorobantilor, Postal code 400117, Cluj-Napoca, Romania. 
The Board of Directors consists of 7 non-executive directors elected by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders for mandates of 4 years. One of the members is appointed as chairman. Further to approval 
of by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the appointment of a director and before the actual start of 
his/her mandate, he/she must be approved by the NBR. 
Members of the Board of Directors are not involved in the fulfillment of operational tasks within the Issuer 
– these being an exclusive attribute of the executive management, mainly the Leaders’ Committee. 
On 28 April 2022 the General Meeting of Shareholders appointed a new Board of Directors for a four year 
mandate, with the following composition: Horia Ciorcilă, Thomas Grasse, Ivo Gueorguiev, Vasile Puscaș, 
Mirela-Ileana Bordea, Florin Predescu-Vasvari and Lucyna Stanczak-Wuczynska.  
The current members of the Board of Directors and their activities outside the BT Group are: 
(a) 
Horia Ciorcilă - Chairman of the Board of Directors (Non-executive Member) 
Horia Ciorcilă has been part of the Issuer’s story since the bank’s early stages, and at less than 30 
years old, he was among the founders of the Issuer. Since 2002 he has been the Chairman of the 
Board. The businesses, projects and initiatives of which he is a part of, are related to the most 
diverse fields: financial-banking, telecommunications, medical, real estate, education, sports, 
hospitality and the food industry. In 2020, he was named one of the most admired businesspeople 
by the Romanian business community according to CEO Awards 2020 Gala, Business Magazine. 
He graduated from the Cluj-Napoca Polytechnic Institute, Faculty of Computer Automation. In 
2014 he contributed to the founding of the EMBA University of Hull, the first 100 per cent. British 
business school in Cluj-Napoca, a partnership between BT, University of Hull (UK), Babes-Bolyai 
University and Electrogrup (Romania). 
Since 2013, Horia Ciorcilă has also been a member of the board of directors of Evergent 
Investments (former SIF Moldova), an alternative investment fund listed on the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange.  
(b) 
Thomas Grasse – Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors (Non-Executive Independent 
Member) 
Thomas Grasse is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors and chairs the Risk Management 
Committee. He is a graduate of the Bankakademie Frankfurt, Business School of Finance and 
Management and started his career in 1974 with Hypo-Bank, Mannheim (Germania). He has an 
experience of over 45 years in the financial sector. 
In addition to being a director of the Issuer, he is the chairman of the board of directors of 
Victoriabank S.A. His current and past roles included the position of Deputy Chairman of the 
Board of Directors and has substantial experience in boards of systemically important financial 
institutions listed on Stock Exchanges both in and outside of the EU. 
(c) 
Ivo Gueorguiev - Non-Executive Independent Member 
Ivo Gueorguiev is a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee. He has an experience of over 35 years in the financial sector. Mr. Gueorguiev is also 
the chairman of the board of directors of Salt Bank S.A. In addition to his positions within the

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
 
Group, Mr Gueorguiev is also a member of the board of directors of Paynetics (Bulgaria and 
United Kingdom), Phyre AD (Bulgaria) and Intera Financial Services ISC (Bulgaria). 
He holds a master of Science in International Business from the University of National and World 
Economy in Sofia, Bulgaria. 
(d) 
Vasile Puscas - Non-Executive Independent Member 
Vasile Puscas is a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Chairman of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee. Mr. Puscas is a Professor at Babes-Bolyai University 
in Cluj-Napoca, diplomat and consultant, and has over 40 years of activity in Romania, Italy and 
the United States. 
He negotiated the re-granting of the Most Favoured Nation Clause to Romania (1993), which 
operationalised the Romanian-American Post-1989 Trade Agreement. He acted as Romania's 
Chief Negotiator with the European Union and played a key role in Romania's accession to the 
European Union.  
He is a pioneer in the Romanian higher education system by establishing, in 1990, the courses of 
International Relations and European integration. He is the author and co-author of over 100 books 
and 250 articles. 
He holds a Bachelor degree in History and Social Sciences and a PhD in history, both from the 
Babes-Bolyai University, Cluj-Napoca (Romania). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he is also a member of the Board of Directors of Teraplast 
S.A. 
(e) 
Mirela Bordea - Non-Executive Independent Member 
Mirela Bordea is a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. She has experience of over 44 
years in the financial sector, having been employed or part of the management in other two banks 
on the Romanian market. Former positions held by Ms. Bordea include member of the board of 
directors in Romanian Banking Association, vice-president and member of the board of directors 
in Credit Europe Bank (Romania) (previously Finansbank), head of risk management and loan 
monitoring department and member of the credit and NPL committee in Banca de Credit Industrial 
si Comercial and director in the loans department in Banca de Credit Industrial si Comercial.  
Ms. Bordea does not hold any other positions in other companies. She graduated from the 
Academy of Economic Studies, International Economic Relations. 
(f) 
Florin Predescu Vasvari - Non-Executive Independent Member 
Mr. Vasvari is a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. Prior to being appointed as 
member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, Mr. Vasvari was director of finance at London 
Business School and at the moment continues to hold positions in various other organisations such 
as: professor of accounting and head of the department at Faculty of Accounting at London 
Business School, Academic Director, at London Business School, member of the board of 
directors and finance committee at London Business School, member of the board of directors at 
Validus Risk Management, president of Alkeemia Spa, member of the board of directors in 
Sunwave Pharma, senior advisor and member of the risk committee at Blantyre Capital and 
member of the board of directors and member of investment committee at Morfosis Capital.

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
 
Mr. Vasvari holds a bachelor degree Faculty of Cybernetics Economics, Statistics and Computer 
Science, Academy of Economic Studies, Bucharest, Romania, a master in Economics from 
Department of Economics, University of Toronto, Canada and a PhD in Accounting, Rotman 
School of Management, University of Toronto, Canada.  
(g) 
Lucyna Stanczak-Wuczynska - Non-Executive Independent Member 
Ms. Stanczak-Wuczynska is a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. Ms. Stanczak-
Wuczynska has a large experience in the management of companies on the financial market, with 
over 25 years of experience in the financial sector. Her experience include the positions of member 
of the advisory board in Concordia 21 Private Equity Fund, member of the supervisory board in 
Alior Bank, Poland, observed of the supervisory board in Polkometel Ltd., member of the 
supervisory board, chairman and member of the investment committee of the Board Polish State 
Wealth Fund, member of the supervisory board and vice-chairman in Awbud Group, Poland and 
several management positions in EBRD. She graduated from Warsaw School of Economics, 
Poland with a master in Economics, Finance and Statistics, and also post-graduate studies in 
College Europe, Economics and Integration. 
In addition to being a director of the Issuer, since 2015 and until 2022 she held the position of 
member of the supervisory board in Erste Bank Hungary and since 2021 she holds the position of 
chairman of the supervisory board and member of risk, audit and nomination/remuneration 
committees in BNP Paribas Bank Polska. 
The main committees of the Board of Directors are set out below. The Board of Directors appoints their 
members (among the directors) and decides their powers and operational rules.  
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee supervises the performance of external auditors, makes recommendations with regard 
to their appointment and remuneration and assesses the internal audit system developed by the head of the 
internal control. The committee has the right to make recommendations to the Board of Directors with 
regard to the efficiency of the internal audit department, as well as with regard to the remuneration of the 
head and staff of this department. 
The members of the Audit Committee are:  
• 
Ivo Gueorguiev, Chairman; 
• 
Thomas Grasse; and 
• 
Mirela Bordea. 
 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee issues competent and independent opinions on the remuneration policies and 
practices, on the remuneration of the personnel involved in risk management, capital adequacy and liquidity. 
The Remuneration Committee analyses and ensures that the general principles and policies for staff 
remuneration and benefits correspond to the business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests of 
the Issuer.  
The members of the Remuneration Committee are: 
• 
Vasile Puscas, Chairman 
• 
Horia Ciorcila, Member, and 
• 
Ivo Gueorguiev, Member.

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
 
Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee provides competent and independent opinions on the nomination and 
suitability analysis policies and practices in accordance with regulatory requirements. The Nomination 
Committee identifies and recommends for approval candidates to fill vacancies in the management body, 
assesses the balance of knowledge, skills, diversity and experience within the management body and 
prepares a description of roles and capabilities for appointment to a particular position and assesses the time 
expectations for this. 
The members of the Nomination Committee are: 
• 
Florin Predescu Vasvari, Chairman 
• 
Horia Ciorcila, Member, and 
• 
Ivo Gueorguiev, Member. 
 
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee is in charge of the independent review, the assessment and 
recommendation of actions regarding the Issuer’s risk strategy, profile, appetite and tolerance, the risk 
management system, the risk policies, as well as the capital adequacy in relation to the assumed risks. This 
committee monitors compliance with the NBR regulations and recommendations with regard to the risk 
management and compliance functions. 
The members of the Risk Management Committee are: 
• 
Thomas Grasse, Chairman;  
• 
Ivo Gueorguiev, member;  
• 
Lucyna Stanczak-Wuczynska; and 
• 
Florin Predescu Vasvari, member. 
Leaders Committee 
The Board of Directors appoints up to 11 executive managers of the Issuer. Among them, the CEO and 
Deputy CEOs are the Issuer’s leaders (conducatori) and members of the Leaders Committee. 
The Board of Directors mandates the Issuer’s leaders (as a rule, acting jointly) with the power to organise 
and manage the Issuer’s business. Decisions within the Leaders Committee are made with unanimity. In 
the case of lack of consensus, the relevant matter is decided upon by the Board of Directors.  
Among other activities, the Leaders’ Committee analyses, endorses, approves or submits to the Board of 
Directors for approval internal regulations, cost monitoring reports, project of the budget of revenues and 
expenses, project of investment program, balance sheet, profit and loss statement and periodic reports on 
the Issuer’s activity. 
Further to approval of by the Board of Directors the appointment of a leader and before the actual start of 
his/her mandate, he/she must be approved by the NBR. 
The leaders may further delegate part of their powers to the Executive Management Committee, comprising 
all the executive managers of the Issuer (up to 11). The CEO is the chairman of the Executive Management 
Committee. Decisions in this committee are taken with the majority of its members. 
The current members of the Leaders Committee and their activities outside the BT Group are:

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
Omer Tetik - Chief Executive Officer 
Omer Tetik has been CEO of the Issuer since 2013. Under his coordination, the Issuer became the 
leader of the Romanian banking market and the largest bank in Southeast Europe. In 2020, he was 
named Banker of the Year for the 25th Anniversary of the Financial Market and one of the most 
admired CEOs (Business Magazine). 
Prior to becoming the CEO of the Issuer, Mr. Tetik was the president and vice-president of Credit 
Europe Bank (Romania), in relation to retail banking, marketing, sales, alternative sale channels, 
card operations, retail loans, business and data analyses. He also fulfilled the position of deputy vice-
president and manager of Finansbank.  
In addition to being the CEO of the Issuer, Mr. Tetik is also a member of the board of directors of 
Salt Bank since 2022. 
(b) 
George Calinescu - Deputy CEO, Chief Financial Officer 
George Calinescu has 25 years of experience in banking and audit. As a member of the Issuer’s team, 
since 2013, he is part of one of the youngest executive management teams from the Romanian 
banking system. In addition to the bank's financial team, he coordinates the data and information 
management at the level of BT Financial Group. His management style is based on supporting the 
coordinated team to achieve excellence. 
He is a fellow member of ACCA, one of the largest organisations of accounting experts worldwide. 
In 2019, he was named the best Chief Financial Officer in the relation with investors (BVB and 
ARIR Gala). 
Prior to becoming the Deputy CEO and Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Calinescu has held 
several high-level positions within RBS Bank (Romania), such as member of the supervisory board 
and administrator. He also fulfilled the position of director of several companies in the financial field, 
such as Bancpost and ABN AMRO Bank (Romania).  
In addition to being the Deputy CEO and Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Calinescu holds 
the position of director in Improvement Credit Collection S.R.L. (Romania), Idea Leasing IDN S.A. 
(Avant Leasing IFN S.A.) and Code Crafters by BT S.R.L. (Romania). 
(c) 
Catalin Caragea - Deputy CEO, Chief Risk Officer 
Catalin Caragea was appointed as Deputy CEO of the Issuer on 7 August 2024, upon the termination 
of the mandate as Deputy CEO of Mrs. Luminita - Delia Runcan, following the completion of the 
authorisation process from the supervisory authorities regarding the appointment of Mrs. Luminita - 
Delia Runcan as CEO of OTP Bank Romania SA. 
Catalin Caragea has been part of the Issuer’s team since February 2024. With extensive experience 
in treasury and risk management, he now coordinates eight of the most challenging areas of activity 
in the bank, such as: compliance, risk management, anti-fraud, operational risk management. 
Prior to becoming the Deputy CEO and Chief Risk Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Caragea fulfilled several 
positions, including positions as Member of the board of directors at the level of other top banks in 
Romania and aboard, such as: Executive Director, Credit Risk Methods Department at Erste Group 
Bank AG, Austria (2020 - 2024), Deputy Executive Director, Credit Risk Methods Department at 
Erste Group Bank AG, Austria (2019 - 2020) and Head of Credit Portfolio Management at Raiffeisen 
Bank, Romania (2012 - 2013).

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
Leontin Toderici - Deputy CEO, Chief Operations Officer 
Leontin Toderici coordinated projects of strategic importance for the Issuer, the first two being world 
premieres: replacing the bank’s core banking with the Oracle Flexcube solution having as technical 
platform Exadata and Exalogic technology (2011) and launching the Western Union money transfer 
service through ATM (2010), respectively the integration of Bancpost, ERB Retail Services IFN and 
ERB Leasing IFN in the BT Financial Group (2018). With 25 years of experience in banking, since 
2005 he coordinates the operations area of Banca Transilvania. 
Prior to becoming the Deputy CEO and Chief Operations Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Toderici fulfilled 
several positions within the company, such as: system engineer, programming analysist, settlement 
department manager.  
In addition to being the Deputy CEO and Chief Operations Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Toderici holds 
the position of vice president of the board of directors in Transfond (Romania) and the position of 
director in BT Capital Partners (Romania) and Code Crafters by BT S.R.L. (Romania). 
(e) 
Tiberiu Moisa - Deputy CEO MidCorporate and SMEs 
Tiberiu Moisa has contributed to the Issuer’s business story for 18 years, entrusted with 
entrepreneurs – medium, small and large clients. Also, he has launched initiatives, thus being an 
essential part of them, which represent #morethanbanking, with high impact on different 
communities: BTMic, Transilvania Executive Education, BTClub or Clujul Are Suflet Foundation. 
Prior to becoming the Deputy CEO and Deputy CEO MidCorporate and SMEs, Mr. Moisa worked 
for the National Bank of Greece, Romania as head of operations and for ABN AMRO Romania, as 
Branch Manager Targu-Mures. He also fulfilled several positions within the Issuer, such as corporate 
and SME clients manager and executive manager corporate and SME clients.  
In addition to being the Deputy CEO and coordinating the MidCorporate and SMEs commercial 
activities of the Issuer, Mr. Moisa holds the position of president of Clujul Are Suflet Foundation 
and BT Club (Clubul Intreprinzatorului Roman), respectively the position of president of the council 
board of Transilvania Executive Education Foundation. Mr. Moisa is also the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of Idea Leasing IFN S.A. (Avant Leasing IFN S.A.) and a member of the board of 
directors of Salt Bank. 
(f) 
Ioana-Mihaela Ilas - Deputy CEO Retail Banking 
Oana Ilaș is the newest and youngest member of the Leaders Committee, having started her mandate 
in October 2022. She coordinates the private banking and retail areas and the retail products 
development and management area, respectively: loans, cards, bancassurance, deposits, retail digital 
projects, retail data analytics, contact center & customer care, credit processing, as well as the BT 
branches from abroad.  
Prior to becoming a Deputy CEO and member of the Leaders Committee, Ms Ilas acted as Executive 
Director, Retail Products Development and Management, previously being the Coordinating 
Director of the same department. She has been working in the BT headquarters since 2004, when 
she made the move into cards and retail banking. Her career at BT started in 2002 as a Customer 
Advisor in the Cluj Branch. In addition to being the Deputy CEO Retail Banking, Ms Ilas is also a 
member of the board of directors of Biroul de Credit, the Chairwoman of Visa Romania and Member 
of the Board of Directors of BT Asset Management S.A.I. S.A. 
(g) 
Bogdan Plesuvescu – Deputy CEO, Chief Legal Officer

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
 
Bogdan Pleșuvescu has over 20 years of experience in five banks from Romania and the Republic 
of Moldova. He is the newest member of BT's Leaders Committee, joining in March 2023. 
He coordinates Banca Transilvania Financial Group's subsidiaries, as well as the activity of the legal, 
workout, insolvency, foreclosure, asset recovery and collection departments. 
From 2018 to 2023 he was CEO of Victoriabank (Republic of Moldova), in which BT is a 
shareholder. During 2013 - 2018 he was also part of the BT team, acting as Executive Director Legal, 
Workout and Insolvency. He also worked for Credit Europe Bank Romania, ABN Amro/RBS Bank 
Romania and Finansbank, and started his career at the Authority for Managing State Assets. 
He was President of the Romanian Association of Banks’ Legal Commission until 2018, and is the 
founder of the Legal Advisors in the Financial and Banking System Association. 
He graduated the A.I. Cuza Police Academy, Law Faculty, Bucharest. He specialised in International 
Law by attending post-graduate courses in International Law at the Faculty of Law, University of 
Bucharest. 
In addition to being the Deputy CEO and Chief Legal Officer of the Issuer, Mr. Plesuvescu holds 
the position of chairman of the Board of BT Leasing MD S.R.L and chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Improvement Credit Collection. 
(h) 
Andrzej Dominiak - Deputy CEO, Chief Technology Officer 
Andrzej Dominiak was appointed as Deputy CEO and Chief Technology Officer in 2024, and he is 
part of the BT Group team since 2022, when he held the position of IT Executive Director, until his 
current position.  
Prior to becoming the Deputy CEO and Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Dominiak occupied various 
positions within banks around Europe, such as Chief Information Officer for PrivatBank, Ukraine 
(2021 - 2022), as Chief Innovation Officer for Alior Bank, Poland (2018 – 2021), Director, 
Technology Operations for Nordea Bank, The Netherlands (2017 – 2018). 
During 2022, there was a vacant position within the Leaders’ Committee as a result of the demise of one of 
the Issuer’s deputy CEO, Ms. Mihaela Nadasan. Likewise, a vacancy occurred in the Leaders Committee 
following the appointment of Gabriela Nistor as CEO of Idea Bank. The Issuer’s Board of Directors 
appointed Ms. Ioana – Mihaela Ilas as Deputy CEO of Retail Banking, for which she obtained prior 
approval from the National Bank of Romania on 17 October 2022 and Mr. Bogdan Plesuvescu as Deputy 
CEO, Chief Legal Officer, for which he obtained prior approval from the National Bank of Romania on 29 
March 2023.  
The key collective decision-making and advisory bodies of the Leaders Committee are set out below. The 
Leaders Committee appoints their members (among the executive managers) and decides their powers and 
operational rules.  
Assets and Liabilities Committee 
This Committee is appointed by the Leaders’ Committee. 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee receives informative materials and reports from the specialised 
departments of the Issuer, analyses them and takes decisions with respect to the management of the interest 
risk / FX risk / liquidity risk / price risk and the related activity segments, with the purpose to ensure an 
adequate management of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
 
Procurement Committee 
The main objective of the Procurement Committee is to decide the procurement policy of the Issuer and to 
approve all investments involving costs outside the contractual framework or exceeding the cost limits 
stipulated by contract by more than EUR 1,000 / request. 
Human Resources Committee 
The Human Resources Committee is established to develop and increase the efficiency of the decision 
making process in connection with the Issuer’s employees.  
Committee for Credit Policy and Approval 
Its main objective is to establish the Issuer’s credit policy and approve the credit facilities that exceed in 
terms of value or conditions the competences of other bodies or employees of the Issuer. 
Credit Risk Committee 
The main purpose of the Credit Risk Committee is to analyse and approve loans, respectively to restructure 
loans based on the granted competences. 
The Credit Risk Committee may authorise other committed and bodies of the Issuer to approve the granting 
of various types of loans, in accordance with internal regulations. 
Committees Specific to the activity of the Credit Recovery Department and the Workout, Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Department 
The main purpose of this committee is the analysis and decision-making regarding the implementation of 
the remediation/workout solutions proposed by the Credit Recovery Department (CRD) and the Workout, 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Department (WIBD). The remedy solutions aim to address the situation of 
customers in difficulty, in order to maximise their ability to repay the relevant exposures, while the workout 
solutions aim to increase the recovery level of the bank’s exposure.  
Committee for Monitoring Debt Enforcement and Realization of Assets 
The Committee for Monitoring Debt Enforcement and Realization of Assets is appointed by the Leaders’ 
Committee, its main responsibility being to supervise the management of real-estate assets which are under 
enforcement or arise from the execution of collaterals backing the loans granted to retail or company clients. 
Special Committee for Approval of Legal Enforcement/Litigation Status 
The Special Committee for Approval of Legal Enforcement / Litigation Status has as main objective the 
analysis and decision-making on triggering enforcement procedures for customers proposed by debit 
collection officers within the Debt Collection Division. Individuals and legal entities are targeted, having 
arrears that can no longer be recovered consensual. 
Financial Institutions Credit Committee 
The purpose of the committee is to supervise the activities involving the credit exposure of the Issuer in 
relation to other Romanian or foreign financial institutions. It approves all the derogations from the 
applicable internal rules and procedures regarding the cooperation between the Issuer and other financial 
institutions. 
Data and Business Intelligence Steering Committee

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
 
This committee reflects the commitment of the Issuer’s management to the data governance and strategic 
monitoring of the implementation programme named Data Warehouse (DW) and Business Intelligence (BI). 
The Data and Business Intelligence Steering Committee establishes, supports and monitors the capabilities 
regarding the data management within the Issuer and represents the point where problems or decisions that 
impact one or more areas or functions are escalated. 
Branch Credit and Risk Committee 
The main purpose of this committee is the analysis and approval of legal entity loans, the restructuring of 
legal entity loans according to the competencies granted, respectively, the management and monitoring of 
the individual loan portfolio.  
Operational Risk Committee 
The main purpose of this committee is assessing the operational risk resulting from the Issuer’s activities, 
ensuring that each organisational structure implements specific operational risk control policies and 
procedures and takes remedial action whenever a high-risk level area is identified and then monitors their 
implementation. It ensures that the formalisation and complexity of operational risk and information 
technology risks are appropriate to the Issuer’s risk profile and business strategy and examines future 
technology trends that may affect the Issuer’s strategic plans, including monitoring emerging technologies 
and how to mitigate the risks in the field of IT security associated with them. 
Line 2 Control Committee 
This committee helps capitalizing on the results of the control missions carried out periodically at the level 
of the Issuer’s territorial units by line no. 2, by analysing and evaluating the conclusions presented by the 
specialised departments, following the control activities carried out, in order to manage specific risks. 
14. Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any actual or potential material conflicts of interest between the private interests 
or duties of the members of the Board of Directors, the Leaders Committee or the senior management of 
the Issuer and their duties to the Issuer. 
Conflicts of interest and their management are regulated internally by the Issuer’s Policy on Conflict of 
Interest Prevention and Management. The purpose of this policy is to establish, implement and maintain 
effective criteria to identify actual and potential conflicts of interest by identifying relationships, services, 
activities or transactions of the Issuer where conflicts of interest may arise, as well as the manner to manage 
such conflict of interest. All employees and members of management are required to comply with the 
provisions contained in this policy and to bring to the attention of the Compliance Department any situation 
that may represent a potential conflict of interest. 
Some of the members of the management bodies of the Issuer have or may have, in the future, similar 
positions within the BT Group or other affiliated entities, situation which may give rise to potential conflicts 
of interest, to the extent the Issuer enters into business relations with the respective entities. To the extent 
such potential conflicts of interests may appear, the relevant persons will fully comply with the applicable 
legal provisions and internal regulations applicable, dealing with conflicts of interest. 
15. Corporate governance of the BT Group 
Corporate Governance plays an essential role in increasing the BT Group’s performance. It provides 
strategic direction, ensures that goals are met, risks are properly managed and resources are responsibly 
employed. It is the foundation of Issuer’s and the BT Group’s business model: sustainable, with a positive 
impact.

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer has adhered to the Code of Corporate Governance of the Bucharest Stock Exchange52, enforcing 
the defined principles of such market. There are currently no provisions in the Code that the Issuer fails to 
comply with. 
As the parent company, the Issuer endeavours to implement the corporate governance of the BT Group 
members in compliance with EU and Romanian legislation, local secondary legislation and regulatory 
requirements to each respective BT Group member, while also considering internal rules and other 
applicable regulations.  
The concepts governing the work within the group are: "client service", based on cross-selling products, 
flexibility to the Issuer customer requirements and the use of centralised IT systems and "client centricity", 
based on a unitary approach of common customers of the BT Group, from the business culture, risk, 
corporate governance and compliance perspective. 
The Issuer, as parent company of the BT Group, aims to maximise the contribution of the subsidiaries to 
the Issuer’s value and to use more efficiently the resources within the BT Group.  
The BT Group’s corporate governance is implemented:  
(a) in accordance with fundamental corporate and regulatory, where applicable, rules through 
various bodies of the BT Group members: 
• 
by voting at general meetings of the BT Group members; 
• 
by exercising supervision through the board of directors of the BT Group members; 
• 
with proposals for appointing the management of the BT Group members; 
• 
with proposals for appointing representatives of the Issuer’s to the supervisory bodies of the BT 
Group members; and 
• 
through participation of the Issuer’s representatives in various committees and commissions of 
the BT Group members. 
(b) through mechanisms that ensure an efficient business monitoring and continuous synergy 
among the BT Group members: 
• 
business integration: the Issuer aligns the objectives at group level, through cross sales (including 
defining specific group products) in order to offer to the clients of the BT Group an attractive 
offer of financial products and services, by offering, at group level, a variety of financial solutions 
(lending, financial leasing, microfinance, savings, trading, etc.); 
• 
consolidation of each entity from the BT Group business; 
• 
organizing the activities and the group’s subsidiaries according to the clients’ segmentation in 
order to address their needs and requirements effectively; 
• 
optimizing the financing structures between entities and aligning them with the group risk 
management policies;  
• 
make the support functions more efficient, including by centralizing the functions at the group 
level, where feasible, and in compliance with the regulations in force for each subsidiary. The 
main support services refer to HR, IT, administrative services, internal audit, accounting and 
reporting and debt collection services and realisation of assets.  
 
52 https://bvb.ro/info/Rapoarte/Diverse/ENG_Corporate%20Governance%20Code_WEB_revised.pdf.

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
 
• 
prioritizing the projects within the BT Group according to the degree of need, strategic 
importance and efficient allocation of resources; 
• 
aligning the subsidiaries with the BT Group's standards regarding the general business conditions, 
accounting policies, risk management policies and implementation of robust internal control, HR 
management and remuneration policies; 
• 
cascading the principles of the smart operating model at the level of the subsidiaries; and 
• 
identifying scalability opportunities with regard to the activity of the subsidiaries, as well the 
organisation, in line with the business model within the BT Group and the applicable regulations. 
16. Independent Auditors 
KPMG Audit S.R.L. ("KPMG"), with headquarters located at DN1 Bucharest-Ploiesti Road no. 89A, 1st 
District, Bucharest, Romania, audited the Issuer's consolidated and separate financial statements as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference herein.  
Deloitte Audit S.R.L. (“Deloitte”), with headquarters at 84-98 and 100-102 Calea Grivitei, The Mark 
building, 9th floor, District 1, Bucharest, audited the Issuer's consolidated and separate financial statements 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, incorporated by reference herein. 
Deloitte was appointed as the financial auditor of the Issuer through the decisions of the Ordinary General 
Shareholders Meeting of the Issuer of 26 April 2023 and will audit the financial situations of the Issuer for 
the 2023-2027 financial exercises, in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as 
stated in the N.B.R. order no. 27/2010. 
17. Internal Audit 
The Internal Audit Department is the independent control body responsible for the Issuer’s internal audit 
system on an ongoing basis.  
The internal audit is an independent and objective activity that provides assurance to the Issuer on the 
degree of control over its operations, guides the Issuer to improve its operations, and contributes to adding 
value to such operations.  
The Internal Audit Department ensures the objective examination of the BT Group’s overall activities, for 
the purpose of an independent assessment of risk management, of the internal control system, of the 
management and execution processes, to assess whether the quality level of the internal control framework 
is both effective and efficient and to support the achievement of the BT Group’s objectives. The Internal 
Audit Department also issues recommendations for the improvement of such activities. 
Open channels of communication are in place at the level of the Issuer between Internal Audit Department’s 
representatives, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, ensuring the efficiency of the internal audit 
function. While the management is responsible for setting and reviewing an adequate and effective 
framework for internal control, including internal audit function, the Internal Audit Department directly 
reports its findings and proposals for significant improvement of internal controls to the management and 
the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reports directly to the Board of Directors any information 
necessary for the exercise of its powers. 
Duties regarding the internal audit function are noted among the main responsibilities of the Audit 
Committee, in particular as regards the examination of the internal audit operation, plans and activities, as 
well as the internal audit personnel and structure, together with the management and the internal audit 
manager.

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
 
To this end, the Audit Committee reviews the internal audit system developed by the Head of the Internal 
Audit Department, who reports to the Board of Directors for this system. The Audit Committee has the 
right to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Internal Audit 
Department’s performance and on the remuneration of the head and staff of this department.  
The Audit Committee examines the efficiency of the Issuer’s internal controls, working together with the 
external and internal audit to closely monitor every identified deficiency and to control the remediation 
thereof.  
18. HR 
Human resources ("HR") drives improvements and innovative practices to enable the best possible 
employee engagement and strong business results. The Issuer believes that investment in employees is a 
key change enabler.  
In 2023 the priorities of the HR Department of the Issuer continued to be: ensuring a constructive working 
climate, health, protection and safety of employees and their families, quality selection and recruitment, 
continuous professional and personal development of all colleagues, career planning for the network and 
some departments in the headquarters, development of management and leadership skills for all levels of 
coordination and leadership to grant support and sustain the work of colleagues under subordination. All 
this had a decisive impact on the bank's performance, on increasing the retention and commitment of 
employees to the bank. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 10,283 employees, out of whom 9,547 were active. 73 per cent. of 
them are women and 27 per cent. are men. The average age of the Issuer’s employees is of 38 years. The 
staff turnover increased slightly in the last year, namely 15.72 per cent. in 2023 compared to 15.39 per cent. 
in 2022 at BT Group level excluding the Moldovan subsidiaries. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer had 10,321 employees, out of whom 9,676 were active employees.  
In the past few years, the Issuer and the BT Group have made substantial progress in improving the HR 
management function by implementing several programmes such as: health, protection and safety, personal 
development, performance evaluation, benefits, by improving the recruitment and remuneration policies.  
Organisational climate & culture BT Employee Experience Index 
Constantly concerned with building a constructive culture, where people cooperate and are preoccupied 
with achieving their goals and own professional development, the Issuer replicated the Employee 
Experience Index in 2022, the last similar survey having been conducted in 2014 (before the major 
transformations that the Issuer went through: two mergers, pandemics, high inflation, etc.). 
The results of the study show that despite the events listed above, the constructive culture has persisted and 
some elements have strengthened: collaboration and affiliation. 
The internal BT Employee Experience Index (BT EEI) has a bi-annual frequency and three main objectives:  
• 
measuring the Net Promoter Employer Score (eNPS); 
• 
measuring the quality of the interaction between managers and members of the teams they 
coordinate; and 
• 
collecting proposals / recommendations that can increase the employees’ satisfaction level. 
The participation rate of the employees from BT Group was 90 per cent. in the study carried out in July-
August 2023.

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
 
Personal development 
The Issuer continued to play a key role in the professional development of its employees. Record figures 
for participation in development programs were recorded in 2023: over 275,000 cumulative participations: 
classroom, webinars, e-Learning. Most trainings were about hard skills (95 per cent.), namely knowledge 
related to products and services, applications, workflows, as well as specific skills (financial analysis, 
project management, legal, IT, etc.). 
In addition to the programs already implemented in the bank, regarding specific needs in the area of hard 
skills (products, services, lending products, methodologies / workflows, platforms and software 
applications, etc.), a series of programs have been developed that address the development needs in the soft 
skills area. In 2023, 800 employees of the Issuer benefited from the “Learn from Home” programme. 
Performance evaluation 
In 2023, the criteria for assessing individual contribution of each employee were updated, defining nine 
competencies for each role in the organisation, out of which (i) nine competencies for each role in the 
organisation, (ii) three main competencies common to all employees of Banca Transilvania: autonomy, 
collaboration and adaptation to change; and (iii) three competencies common to each group of roles and 
three competencies specific to each function. 
The employee performance evaluation process continued to be improved and updated to make it more agile 
and valuable to colleagues, including by new functionalities in the existing dedicated platform. To this end, 
new functionalities have been developed in the existing specific platform. 
Benefits 
One of the points of focus of the Issuer is to build mechanisms to motivate employees, to create a place 
where people should have the opportunity to learn, grow and thus capitalise the team spirit. 
The following programmes continued in 2023: 
(a) 
Saves Lives Screening Programme, developed and run with our healthcare partner Regina Maria 
Network, is a programme to prevent the most common types of cancer. The Issuer is the only 
company in Romania that carries out such a programme available to all its employees, and all 
investigations are carried out free of charge. In 2023, more than 3,520 screenings were performed.  
(b) 
Voluntary health insurance for the Issuer’s employees who opted for this benefit has been 
extended and the additional option of second medical opinion as well as post-hospitalisation 
convalescence from accident or illness was added. Additional packages have been added that can 
be purchased at a preferential price of Telemedicine and Top Up Protect (which includes the 
settlement of expenses for 10 serious diseases), both for employees and for the family.  
To reward employee loyalty on the Issuer's 25th anniversary, a loyalty and retention bonus was awarded in 
the form of a Stock Option Plan to eligible employees who have been with the Issuer for at least 5 years. 
A dedicated page has been created on the internal communication platform (BTHub) for the Issuer’s 
employees - wellbeing - where all the materials addressed to colleagues have been posted, grouped on three 
main dimensions: physical health / financial health / mental health. Therapy and psychological support 
services for problems related to anxiety, stress, etc. were also added as benefits for the Issuer’s employees. 
Recruitment 
Bringing new people to the Issuer’s team is a priority for the HR agenda. In 2023 several projects with an 
impact in the area of recruitment / retention / engagement continued, including:

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer’s career plan was developed to ensure predictability and transparency of the promotion 
and career development opportunities in the Issuer. This programme is active in the entire network, 
more than 700 employees benefiting from it in 2023. 
(b) 
Internships, including a European internship programme for bachelor and master students from 10 
universities.  
(c) 
BTransformers IT, BTransformers chatbots and BTMind Product are reskilling programs dedicated 
to the Issuer’s employees, through which the participants learned methodologies & technologies 
used in the technical area of the bank and were helped to make a career change. There were over 
230 applications, of whom 23 were selected in the program and all were transferred to the technical 
area. 
(d) 
schedule for parents returning from maternity leave: with the benefit of gradual integration of the 
employee after an absence of approximately 2 years. Parents have a flexible schedule during the 
first month after returning to the office. 
Remuneration policy 
The Remuneration Policy of the Issuer was approved by the general meeting of shareholders. The Issuer 
ensures a fair and competitive remuneration, strictly respecting the skills and performance, with two 
properly balanced components: a fixed component and a variable component. 
Employees’ health, protection and safety 
The projects in the Health & Wellbeing area implemented in the BT Group continued in 2023 as well. The 
aim of these projects is to prevent health problems at all relevant levels: social, emotional, professional, 
financial and family.  
In 2023, already known projects were continued and new ones were implemented: 
(a) 
The Screening Saves Lives Program, developed and run with our partner: Regina Maria Clinics 
Network, is a program to prevent the most common types of cancer. All investigations in the 
program are carried out free of charge. 
(b) 
The annual anti-influenza vaccination campaign and additional benefits in the co-payment system: 
complex imaging investigations (MRI and CT) and kinetic and physiotherapy medical services, 
within the Kinetic medical clinics. 
(c) 
Campaign for the early detection of precancerous lesions and colorectal cancer, a program carried 
out in Bucharest, together with the Coalition of Organizations of Patients with Chronic Diseases in 
Romania (COPAC) and the Dr. Carol Davila Central Military Emergency University Hospital, 
through the ROCCAS II Bucharest – Ilfov program. 
(d) 
Information and awareness campaign regarding the importance of donating blood by organizing 
voluntary actions, together with the Blood Transfusion Center Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca. There 
were four blood donation campaigns - 470 employees from Cluj-Napoca and Bucharest donated 
almost 190 litres of blood. 
(e) 
Medical Advisor visits at the bank headquarters. 
(f) 
#SafePeopleofBT was a project that was born in the pandemic and has since been developed 
through podcasts on various health-related topics, relevant for employees. 
 
19. Information technology 
The BT Group’s and the Issuer’s information and communication technology ("ICT") infrastructure is built 
with the aim to respond to and support their vision of providing to both customers and employees a positive 
interaction experience (with their systems and products), anytime and anywhere.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
 
The current competition between the fintech companies creates customised and attractive interaction 
experience, which allows an easy access to new technologies. At the same time, regulators, by constantly 
issuing new requirements, are putting additional pressure on banks to adopt and implement innovative 
technologies that enable process and flow automations. 
The ICT division within the BT Group and the Issuer offers technological excellence services in line with 
the Issuer's mission and objectives, through the following actions: 
(a) 
providing smart solutions for the customer needs through an interactive delivery approach for an 
easy digital banking experience of the "All Screens" type and in the "24/7" system; 
(b) 
the use of stable and safe technological platforms; 
(c) 
agile mode of working; and 
(d) 
relying on human resources and internal capabilities, ongoing development, combined with 
cooperation and partnerships with external providers.  
Following this approach, the ICT division is responsible for implementing the strategy consisting of the 
following pillars: 
(a) 
an omnichannel customer experience, integrated on all devices; 
(b) 
the self-service component on mobile platforms; 
(c) 
digitalisation of the E2E service, automation and robotisation of the internal interactions or 
interactions with customers, for an intuitive use and without using paper; 
(d) 
refreshing the IT systems infrastructure for a smooth and short integration, providing safe and 
resilient products and services to customers; 
(e) 
exploring Private Cloud / Hybrid capabilities to ensure fast scalability; 
(f) 
aligning and adjusting the ICT governance, based on internationally recognised practices;  
(g) 
the involvement of the Process, Project Management, Architecture and Operational Security teams 
as activators for approving the idea, managing the necessary changes and approving the delivery 
method; 
(h) 
run & change bank-based security approach through the security-by-design and the privacy-by-
design concepts; 
(i) 
increased agility in providing solutions to improve the interaction experience in accessing BT’s 
products and services; 
(j) 
adequate management of the ICT resources: people, skills and abilities; 
(k) 
growth, training and continuing to attract talented staff with key technology skills; and 
(l) 
partnership with the technology providers to increase the delivery capacity of the ICT team. 
The projects in the digital area, with an impact on most company and retail business lines, are evaluated by 
the Compliance Department from the compliance risk and KYC / AML / CFT risk perspectives, aiming to 
comply with the provisions of the regulatory framework on customer knowledge, money laundering 
prevention and terrorist financing, by formulating risk opinions from an early stage and subsequently by 
drawing up specific sheets for evaluating the banking products and thus allocating a degree of compliance 
risk. 
These risk assessment criteria are set out in specific internal regulations. Risk assessment involves 
identifying areas where risk management efforts need to be focused in the KYC, combating money 
laundering or terrorist financing context and the compliance risk. 
In case of identifying some risk factors within the performed assessments, the Compliance Department will 
propose the monitoring / mitigation measures. If the risk factors cannot be mitigated by the identified

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
 
measures, the opinion of the Compliance Department shall be to not approve the launch of the product / 
service resulting from the projects carried out. 
In the existing primary architecture, the service-oriented architecture (SOA) principles of stratification and 
decoupling have been implemented. Most of the applications integrated with the CORE systems are based 
on open standards (SOAP / REST web services / XML web services). Customer, product, and account data 
is stored in the Flexcube central banking system and is accessed primarily through web services and APIs. 
There are peer-to-peer integrations and Internet Banking / Mobile Banking systems to ensure their 
performance requirements. To support the future development of modular solutions, omnichannel and 
Cloud Ready, the Issuer must continue to invest in appropriate orchestration and modularisation layers. 
20. Compliance 
The compliance function, an integral part of the BT Group’s control functions, provides its management 
bodies with consultancy on the implementation of the legal and regulatory framework and on the standards 
that the BT Group must fulfil, to ensure that the possible impact of any legal and regulatory changes on the 
BT Group’s activities is assessed on an ongoing basis. 
The Issuer's Compliance Department ("Compliance Department") has an important role in the 
implementation of the Issuer’s compliance and integrity programme. It assists and advises its management 
bodies in the implementation of various compliance policies existing at the level of the BT Group and has 
additional responsibilities in accordance with the BT Group’s rules of organisation and organisation. 
The BT Group’s main pillars of business compliance, ethics and responsibility are:  
(a) 
Anti-corruption policy; 
(b) 
Compliance with competition law;  
(c) 
Compliance with legislative regulations; 
(d) 
Conflicts of interest and reporting mechanisms;  
(e) 
Involvement in political activities and causes; 
(f) 
Information security and personal data protection; 
(g) 
Human rights; and 
(h) 
Assessing and managing climate change risks and opportunities. 
Anti-corruption policy 
BT Group’s members of management as well as employees, have access to and are informed of the group’s 
policies in the anti-corruption area. In addition,. when the regulatory framework in this area is updated, the 
persons concerned are informed and provided with the relevant rules. To this end, various online and on-
site trainings on anti-corruption policies and procedures take place every year. 
As at 30 June 2024, at the level of the BT Group there were no confirmed incidents of corruption involving 
employees and leading to their dismissal or disciplinary action, there were no confirmed incidents of 
corruption leading to the termination or suspension of collaboration with business partners and there were 
no legal actions against any BT Group companies or their employees alleging corruption. 
The BT Group’s anti-corruption policies and procedures are not communicated to business partners, but 
the position on corruption is communicated to business partners through an anti-corruption clause in the 
contractual agreements. In addition, when contracts are concluded/amended, the Issuer ensures controls to 
monitor their compliance with standards and legislation in this area. 
Compliance with competition law

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
 
Compliance with competition rules is a priority throughout the BT Group’s activity, necessary for 
maintaining a healthy competitive environment to the benefit of consumers’ interests and for preventing 
and sanctioning behaviours that hinder, restrict or distort competition.  
The policy regarding compliance with competition rules follows the fundamental values of the BT Group 
and regulates its firm position on compliance with competition law. The policy lists the principles that all 
employees and collaborators must adhere to, to ensure high standards of professional conduct and integrity 
of the work carried out for or on its behalf. 
The BT Group’s employees are encouraged to report any potential competition violations to the Chief 
Governance Officer. The Issuer can sanction employees both for their own violations and for non-reporting 
of violations of other employees. 
As at 30 June 2024, there were no legal actions regarding anti-competitive behaviour and antitrust and 
monopoly violations in which the Issuer was identified as a participant. 
Compliance with legislative regulations 
The BT Group permanently seeks to conducts its business in compliance with national and international 
legal regulations.  
As at 30 June 2024, there were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/ or voluntary codes on 
labelling and information regarding the BT Group's products and services or marketing communications, 
including advertising, promotion, and sponsorship of products and services. 
Conflicts of interest and reporting mechanisms 
Conflicts of interest and their management are regulated internally by the Issuer’s Policy on Conflict of 
Interest Prevention and Management. The purpose of this policy is to establish, implement and maintain 
effective criteria to identify actual and potential conflicts of interest by identifying relationships, services, 
activities or transactions of the Issuer where conflicts of interest may arise, as well as the manner to manage 
such conflict of interest. All employees and members of management are required to comply with the 
provisions contained in this policy and to bring to the attention of the Compliance Department any situation 
that may represent a potential conflict of interest. 
As at 30 June 2024, there were no situations that could constitute relevant conflicts of interest at the BT 
Group level. 
The reporting process of violations of internal regulations and/or legal provisions or irregularities within 
the BT Group is described in the Warning Procedure designed to ensure an appropriate framework for the 
management of the BT Group’s activities. The objectives of the procedure are, among others, to provide 
support for the internal warning mechanism, which can be used by the BT Group’s employees to 
communicate their concerns regarding the management framework of the BT Group’s activity and to 
encourage the reporting of behaviours and situations that may have serious consequences for the BT Group, 
while ensuring the confidentiality and security of employees who report risk situations. 
As at 30 June 2024, no complaints/referrals were received through the channels available to shareholders. 
Involvement in political activities and causes 
The BT Group’s employees can carry out individual political activities, after business hours, provided that 
they do not position themselves as the representative of the Issuer's or the BT Group in these relations and 
do not obtain benefits from this activity deriving from their position as employees of the Issuer. Any 
candidacy for positions in the local or central administration, on political grounds, sponsorship, or

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
 
participation in election campaigns as a candidate from a particular political party must be declared by the 
employee before applying, endorsed by his/ her superior, and brought to knowledge to the Compliance 
Department. The Compliance Department assesses the potential impact and formulates an opinion on the 
risk of conflict of interest or damage to the image of the Issuer associated with the declared situation, the 
opinion being forward ed to the competent body in order to issue a resolution of approval or rejection.  
According to the internal compliance rules, the Issuer has not supported and does not support political 
causes or parties. 
As at 30 June 2024, no complaints/referrals were received by the Issuer in this respect. 
Information security and personal data protection 
The information security area, inter alia, focused on the implementation of measures for increasing the level 
of information/cyber security. Furthermore, all internal regulations on information security at the Issuer 
level are developed in accordance with the ISO 27001 standard, and the Information Security Management 
System is developed in accordance with these requirements. 
Responsibilities in information security are assigned to a dedicated department, subordinated to the CRO 
(Chief Risk Officer), which has the following organisational components: cyber security, vulnerability 
management, information and security governance and digital identity management.  
Each entity of the BT Group has developed a public policy on the processing and protection of personal 
data (privacy policy), made available to the general public through the website of each entity of the BT 
Group. Through the privacy policy, each BT Group entity informs persons concerned about issues related 
to the processing of their personal data, in accordance with the provisions of art. 13-14 of the General Data 
Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). Mandatory training programs for the BT Group’s employees are 
organised to ensure that the Group’s employees comply with the policies, procedures, and mechanisms 
implemented internally to ensure cybersecurity and the protection of personal data. 
The BT Group entities have also implemented a series of internal regulations to ensure compliance with 
the legal provisions on the processing of personal data, as well as the provisions requiring adequate security 
of personal data and other information subject to professional secrecy in the financial sector. The main 
internal regulations refer to: 
(a) 
general rules on the processing and protection of personal data within the activity of each BT 
Group entity; 
(b) 
procedures on the management of security incidents and personal data breaches, respectively; 
(c) 
procedures on the regular training of employees of BT Group entities in the field of personal data 
processing and protection; 
(d) 
rules regarding the obligations of BT Group entities’ employees to maintain the confidentiality of 
personal data and information subject to professional secrecy; 
(e) 
regulations on the management of applications by which the data subjects exercise their rights 
provided by the GDPR; 
(f) 
rules on the personal data processing in the direct marketing activity; 
(g) 
procedures on the management of relations with contractual partners of the BT Group entities 
regarding processing and protection of personal data; 
(h) 
procedures to establish the need to develop, implement and approve an impact assessment on the 
protection of personal data (PDIA);

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
regulations on the preparation and record-keeping of personal data processing activities, as well 
as for the identification, analysis, and management of risks related to personal data processing 
activities; 
(j) 
rules on information security, including ensuring access, access, and control of access of 
employees and collaborators to information in the IT network of Group entities, access, and remote 
work; 
(k) 
regulations and measures regarding information categorisation; 
(l) 
anti-virus measures and policies; 
(m) 
information security policies regarding the acquisition and development of IT solutions, as well 
as for IT system updates; 
(n) 
logging/journaling, backup, and archiving procedures and measures; 
(o) 
business continuity plans and procedures and disaster recovery plans; and 
(p) 
procedures and measures to ensure physical security in the premises and equipment of the Issuer 
and/or other BT Group entities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, there were no material issues 
with respect to information security and data protection issues. 
Human rights 
The BT Group follows European and national rules on the protection of human rights, including but not 
limited to the rights established in the European Convention on Human Rights. Necessary measures are 
taken to ensure the continued monitoring of fundamental human rights, encouraging and continuously 
developing good practices in this field.  
Increased attention is given in the BT group to the selection of third parties with whom business 
relationships are created, in order to initiate cooperation only with those entities adhering to human rights 
principles. 
As at 30 June 2024, no complaints/referrals were received by the Issuer in this respect. 
Climate change risks and opportunities 
Climate risk is assessed within the BT Group from two perspectives:  
(a) 
at the client level, as part of the environmental and social risk analysis, the impact of climate risk 
on the company’s activity and the extent to which its activity affects the environment (emissions 
to water, air, soil) is analysed, based on the principle of double materiality; 
(b) 
at portfolio level, based on a heat map reflecting the environmental, social, and governance risks 
associated with the sectoral distribution of the loan portfolio, the exposure of the portfolio to these 
risks, including climate risk is analysed. 
To manage these climate risks, the BT Group uses the sectoral exclusion list aligned with IFC/EBRD 
recommendations. In addition, the BT Group uses processes and tools to identify and assess environmental 
risk in line with best practice and IFC/EBRD standards in its corporate credit analysis, translated into 
internal working instructions, which are regularly reviewed.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
 
These processes are aimed to assess the environmental impacts (water, soil, and emissions) of the company 
applying for funding, as well as the impact of climate change on the company's business. The level of detail 
and complexity of this analysis is also determined by criteria related to the size of the company, project, or 
transaction.  
The Issuer performs an environmental risk factor analysis on any credit application, based on an internal 
matrix, adapted to the value of the transaction and the risk level of the sector. The assessment is performed 
through questions addressed to the client, and additional specific data collection, with the client’s answers 
critically evaluated by the credit/ risk analyst based on internal rules and specific environmental, social, 
and governance risk analysis guidelines. The risks identified are factored into the internal analysis models 
(e.g., by including an additional Capex for the implementation of a drip irrigation system for an agricultural 
activity). 
The internal risk factor assessment models are built on IFC performance standards. The internal lending 
rules provide for the possibility of impacting the client’s internal rating following the performed 
environmental and social risk analysis. 
Following the analysis of environmental and social risks (including climate risk) environmental and social 
risk is associated with the exposure, which translates into: additional cash flow scenarios impacting the 
lending decision, impact on the client’s internal rating, and consequently the collateral level or price level.  
The Issuer is continually refining and mapping the entire financing and investment portfolio against 
environmental, social, and governance risks for each sector of activity (such as agriculture, construction, 
transport, etc.) to identify the necessary measures to mitigate the potential negative effects of climate change 
on outstanding loans. This mapping can contribute to the adoption of measures in the lending business so 
that the negative environmental impact is mitigated and the positive impact on the environment, but also 
on society and the communities the Issuer is part of, is enhanced.  
Concerning the real estate collateral portfolio, the Issuer does not accept assets located in areas with a 
potential risk of flooding or near watercourses/ wetlands, which may affect the structural strength of 
buildings. Consequently, from the perspective of the real estate collateral portfolio, the Issuer does not 
estimate substantial risks from natural risks associated with climate change. 
The Board of Directors is informed at the transaction level (in terms of exposures) on the climate risk. 
Regular Board of Directors briefings are also made on the implementation of the sustainability strategy, 
with the assessment of the portfolio’s exposure to environmental risks (including climate risk). 
The BT Group is actively involved in working groups at national and European levels. The BT Group 
follows the initiatives of task forces (such as TCFD) or the private sector (UNEP FI-PRB - membership 
completed in January 2022) to improve reporting of nonfinancial information and to align with the vision 
the company has set for the future within the Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement. 
Seven areas of interest have been identified: financing projects for renewable energy production and 
distribution, supporting companies of all sizes for higher energy efficiency especially in the current national 
and global context of evolving costs, allocating capital to the area of sustainable mobility and transport and 
related projects (charging stations, etc.), crediting climate change adaptation projects, supporting projects 
that generate efficiency in terms of water consumption and quality, financing real-estate green building 
projects and special environmental transactions.  
21. Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that have not been entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the notes being issued.

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
 
22. Recent developments  
Share capital increase  
On 25 April 2024, the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer decided to increase the 
share capital by the amount of RON 1,182,216,130 by issuing a number of 118,221,613 new shares, with a 
nominal value of RON 10/share. The increase of the share capital was achieved by incorporating the reserves 
constituted from the net profit of the year 2023, in the amount of RON 1,182,216,130, by issuing a number 
of 118,221,613 shares with a nominal value of RON 10/share, for the benefit of shareholders registered in 
the Shareholders' Register held by the Central Depository on the registration date set by the general meeting 
of shareholders as of 19 July 2024. The share capital after the share capital increase is RON 9,168,798,460, 
divided into 916,879,846 shares, each with a nominal value of RON 10.  
The completion of the legal procedures regarding this increase and the allocation of new shares to the 
shareholders produced effects starting on 22 July 2024.  
Acquisition of OTP Bank Romania 
On 30 July 2024, the Issuer finalised the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares in OTP Bank Romania. 
The other subsidiaries acquired by the Issuer as part of the same transaction are OTP Leasing Romania IFN 
S.A., OTP Factoring S.R.L., OTP Consulting Romania S.R.L., OTP Advisors S.R.L. and OTP Bank 
Foundation Romania. The acquisition of OTP Asset Management Romania SAI S.A. (which is part of the 
transaction perimeter) has not been completed yet, pending approval from the Romanian Financial 
Supervisory Authority.  
The amount paid by the Issuer under this transaction was EUR 340,199,349.  
Agreement for the acquisition of BRD Societate de Administrare a Fondurilor de Pensii Private S.A. 
In May 2024, the Issuer concluded an agreement for the acquisition of BRD Societate de Administrare a 
Fondurilor de Pensii Private S.A., a Romanian company part of Groupe Société Générale S.A., carrying 
out the businesses of management of pillar III pension funds (facultative private pension funds) and the 
management of pillar II pension funds (mandatory private pension funds ) through the management of two 
pension funds. The transaction is currently pending approval from the Romanian Financial Supervisory 
Authority and the Romanian Foreign Direct Investment Commission. 
23. Legal and administrative proceedings 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer was involved in 355 legal disputes, of which 33 were not related to 
credit agreements and the remaining 322 disputes arose from credit agreements. The proportion of disputes 
won in favour of the Issuer was approximately 74 per cent. in 2023 and 73 per cent. in 2022. In cases 
relating to currency stabilisation, challenges to enforcement, debt enforcement and claims, the success rate 
was approximately 78 per cent. in 2023 and 74 per cent. in 2022. The Issuer received 5 fines with a total 
value of RON 63,500, 3 non-financial sanctions (such as warnings) and there were 254 cases submitted to 
alternative dispute resolution mechanisms, 118 to Alternative Banking Dispute Resolution Centre and 66 
to National Bank of Romania, all related to potential non-compliance with laws and regulations on the 
provision and use of financial products and services. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer registered a total balance of provisions for litigation, risk and charges 
amounting to RON 148.30 million and amounting to RON 156.48 million at BT Group level, with an 
increase of 210.21 per cent. compared to 2022 on a separate basis and an increase of 166.78 per cent. at BT 
Group level.  
Consumer protection claims 
Actions in 2022 and 2023, represent litigations regarding potentially abusive clauses, various claims, 
enforcement appeals, payment claims, actions on the conversion and stabilisation of the exchange rate of 
loans granted in foreign currency, requests for non-credit banking operations as well as other various 
categories.

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the litigations decided in favour of the Issuer represented 
approximately 73 per cent. of the total, and in 2023, 74 per cent. In terms of potential abusive clauses, 
enforcement appeals, payment claims, and actions on the conversion and stabilisation of the exchange rate 
of loans granted in foreign currency, the success rate was around 74 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2022 and 78 per cent. in 2023. 
The provision for abusive clauses is an estimated amount for potential litigations facing the Issuer derived 
from the retail credit contracts inherited from the mergers with Volksbank Romania and Bancpost. The 
provision is periodically reviewed by the Issuer by incorporating historical data regarding new litigations 
in the last years (a show-up ratio) and the loss probability for such cases (calculated as a historical positive 
versus negative outcome of litigations). 
The last review for abusive clauses provision has been performed as of 30 June 2024 when the Issuer 
adjusted the provision based on the trend of such new litigations (show-up ratio) and the probability loss 
estimated at this date. 
The Romanian High Court of Cassation and Justice (HCCJ) granted the retrial of a 2014 class-action lawsuit 
against Volksbank Romania (which in 2016 merged with the Issuer) over the freezing of the Swiss franc 
value after the Bucharest Court of Appeal previously dismissed the case. The lawsuit alleged that the banks 
froze the value of the Swiss franc when it granted loans, after which the exchange rate between Romanian 
leu and Swiss franc unexpectedly increased, leaving debtors to pay high rates. In 2021, in the retrial, the 
Bucharest Court of Appeal rejected once again the consumers’ appeal (file number 44191/3/2014*). The 
consumers filed for a second appeal to the HCCJ which is currently ongoing.  
Proceedings relating to the Competition Council Decision 
In 2020, the entire leasing sector in Romania was subject to a competition investigation. By Order of the 
President of the Competition Council no 1.149/20.11.2017, the Competition Council launched an 
investigation regarding the possible violation of art. 5 paragraph (1) of the Competition Law no. 21/1996 
and of art. 101 paragraph (1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union by the Association of 
Romanian Financial Companies, the Federation of Romanian Financial Services Employers, the Romanian 
Leasing and Credit Employers, the IFN Credit Employers, their members, and Diplomat Consult S.R.L. on 
the financial leasing services and consumer lending markets.  
Following these investigations, the BT Leasing Transilvania IFN S.A. (currently merged into BT Leasing 
IFN S.A.), as a member of the Association of Romanian Financial Companies, was sanctioned along with 
15 other member leasing companies in Romania for violating competition law by participating in 
commercially sensitive information exchange. The fine amounted to RON 4,327,225.22.  
The decision is currently being challenged before the Bucharest Court of Appeal, under the provisions of 
Law 21/1996 on competition, and is being heard on the merits (Case no. 3158/2/2021).  
During the year ended 31 December 2023, there were no legal actions regarding anti-competitive behaviour 
and antitrust and monopoly violations in which the Issuer was identified as a participant. 
Anticipated individual fiscal solutions ("AIFS") and Fiscal Inspection Report (“FIR”) 
The Issuer requested the Romanian fiscal authorities to issue an official opinion on the fiscal treatment of 
the Volksbank Romanian acquisition gain through an anticipated individual fiscal solutions. The Issuer 
proposed the consideration of the acquisition gain as non-taxable income by taking into account all the 
arguments, calculating a lower tax debt with the amount of RON 264,096,037. 
The Romanian fiscal authorities issued a negative opinion, considering that the acquisition gain is taxable 
(as recorded based on IFRS). The sole argument to sustain this position being that the acquisition gain is 
not included in the list of non-taxable income elements specifically stipulated in the Fiscal Code.

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer considered the acquisition gain as non-taxable income for the calculation of the comprehensive 
income, based on arguments such as: 
(a) non-correlation of the fiscal legislation with the accounting legislation; 
(b) the provisions for domestic mergers were updated and harmonised also in line with Directive 
2009/133/EC and in this respect, clearly the intention of the law was that the specific taxation rules 
(taking in account the tax neutrality of the merger) should prevail over the general taxation rules; 
(c) the merger with Volksbank Romania was based on strong economic grounds (it was not undertaken 
for certain fiscal benefits). The merger should be neutral from a tax point of view i.e. the bargain gain 
should not be taxable; 
(d) the fiscal treatment should be balanced: considering the opposite case, whereby the purchase price is 
higher than the value of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities, a positive goodwill would have 
been recorded, which, as per Romanian fiscal legislation is not to be amortised for fiscal purposes and 
hence does not have any fiscal impact; 
(e) avoidance of double taxation; 
(f) European jurisprudence – which stipulates that the EU legislation should prevail when the fiscal 
legislation of a member state is unclear or lacks specific provisions. 
The Issuer initiated court proceedings in this respect in 2017. The case was submitted to the Court of Appeal 
of Cluj in April 2017. In November 2017, the Court of Appeal of Cluj admitted the case at trial and issued 
a judgment in favour of the Issuer, confirming the Issuer’s approach to consider the acquisition gain as non-
taxable income. 
On 23 June 2020, the High Court of Cassation and Justice ruled in the case file pending, admitting the tax 
authorities’ appeal against the sentence of the Cluj Court of Appeal, annulled the first instance decision, re-
trialled the case and in retrial rejected the action filed by the Issuer as not founded. 
On 12 October 2021, the High Court of Cassation and Justice of Romania suspended the judgment of the 
review request and the Court of Justice of European Union was notified. The request is still under analysis 
at the European Court of Justice, which announced to the Issuer in November 2022 that it intends to settle 
the case without the additional hearing of the parties and without appointing an Attorney General.  
In February 2023, a fiscal inspection of the Issuer's activity for the years 2015 and 2016 was completed. In 
the FIR, the control team noted that the Issuer did not apply the provisions of the AIFS and that the Issuer 
should have included the gain from the purchase in advantageous conditions of Volksbank Romania shares 
in its tax base for 2015. Following the FIR, the tax authorities issued a decision to change the tax base for 
2015, which does not have direct effects, because in 2015 the Issuer benefited from taking over the fiscal 
loss after the merger with Volksbank. 
The Issuer filed an appeal against the decisions taken by the tax authorities following the above FIR and in 
February 2023 it also filed a request to suspend this decision in court. In the case of the appeal, the 
settlement was suspended by the tax authorities until a final resolution for the revision before the High 
Court of Cassation and Justice of Romania in the SFIA case is reached and the case description is 
summarised above. The request to suspend the decision was rejected by the Cluj Court of Appeal at the end 
of February 2023. The Issuer made an appeal to the High Court of Cassation and Justice against this decision. 
On 14 June 2023, a new deadline took place in the file before the High Court of Cassation and Justice of 
Romania, where the Issuer submitted a new request for a preliminary ruling to the Court of Justice of the 
European Union, under the conditions of extensive case supporting arguments. 
Also, on 27 June 2023, the Issuer's appeal was rejected during the suspension procedure. During May 2023, 
ANAF initiated a documentary check of the Issuer's activity for 2017 and 2018. Following this control, on 
13 June 2023, the Issuer was notified of the tax decision establishing additional obligations representing

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
 
profit tax in the amount of RON 90,275,215 for year 2017, respectively RON 173,820,822 for year 2018, 
in total of RON 264,096,037. Additionally to these tax liabilities will be added, in the near future, ancillary 
tax obligations. The Issuer filed an appeal against the tax decision taken by the tax authorities following 
the documentary check of the years 2017 and 2018 detailed above and filed a request to suspend this 
decision in Court during June 2023. The tax appeal is in progress of being resolved at the level of the tax 
authorities, and regarding the request to suspend the decision, it was judged at the level of the Cluj-Napoca 
Court of Appeal, which rejected the Issuer's request at the beginning of July 2023. The Issuer and its team 
of lawyers consider that the legal steps to support the case of non-taxation of the gain from Volksbank S.A. 
acquisition transaction are more than likely to have chances of success in the end. However, in order to 
limit a potential negative impact from ancillary tax liabilities in case of an unfavorable legal decision, the 
Issuer decided to pay on 5 July 2023 the amount of RON 264 million representing additional tax liabilities 
established following the documentary check for 2017 and 2018.  
At the beginning of July 2023, the request to suspend the decision was judged at the level of the Cluj Court 
of Appeal, which rejected the request of the Issuer.  
At the end of July 2023, the tax authorities established ancillary tax liabilities following the payment of 
additional tax obligations established following the documentary verification for 2017 and 2018 in the 
amount of RON 154,972,067. The Issuer issued a letter of guarantee suspending the obligation to pay this 
amount until a final settlement of the above-mentioned legal issues is reached. The Issuer appealed against 
the additional tax liabilities claimed by the authorities.  
On 3 October 2023, the tax authorities rejected the Issuer's appeal against the decision to change the taxable 
base established by FIR, and on 11 October 2023, the tax authorities also rejected the tax appeal raised by 
the Issuer regarding the payment of tax amounts established under documentary checks. 
Going forward, on 20 March 2024, the Issuer submitted to the Cluj Court of Appeal, the request to sue 
against the decision to adjust the taxable base established by the RIF, and on 1 April 2024, the Issuer 
submitted to the Court of Appeal Cluj, the challenge against the decision issued by the DGAMC as a result 
of the documentary verification. 
The Issuer analysed requests of IFRIC 23 corroborated with lawyers opinion that represent the causes 
mentioned above on Court and considers that the Bank has winning chances, considering that the Issuer 
actioned based on European regulations related tax treatment for the non-taxation of the gain from 
Volksbank acquisition transaction, fact clarified by Romanian fiscal legislation on 1 January 2016. The 
Issuer will continue to diligently pursue this litigation and, in the case of success, stands to recover the 
payment made. Considering the inconsistency with which the Romanian tax authorities treated the gain 
from the acquisition from a tax point of view, the Issuer took a prudent approach to reflect this level of 
uncertainty in the consolidated and separate financial statements as of 31 December 2023 and in the interim 
condensed consolidated and separate financial statements as of 30 June 2024 using the most probable value 
method and recognised the amount of RON 238 million in debts regarding the current profit tax, 
respectively, the amount of RON 100,864 thousand related to ancillary fiscal obligations, in expenses for 
provisions of risk and charges. The Issuer will monitor and analyse the evolution of the tax topic at each 
reporting date, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the accounting regulations, to determine if 
additional adjustments are necessary.  
Victoriabank litigation 
The Issuer’s subsidiary, Victoriabank, was notified on 6 July 2020 that it is being investigated in a case 
initiated by the Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Moldova, and on 6 August 2020, a precautionary 
seizure was placed on some of the subsidiary's assets in order to cover the claims in the file - amounting to 
approximately the equivalent of RON 460 million. Given the nature of the case and the legal limitations 
related to the investigation, the Issuer and its subsidiary possesses limited information about this case, 
mainly being the lawyers' analysis of the content of the indictment related to these investigations. Given 
the stage of the investigation, that relates to a period before the Issuer was a shareholder of the subsidiary, 
the BT Group and the Issuer did not recognise a provision for this case, but will monitor the evolution of 
the topic at each reporting date, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the accounting regulations.

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of Victoriabank represented 3.3 per cent. of the consolidated 
assets of BT Group, while as of 30 June 2024, the total assets of Victoriabank represented 3.2 per cent. of 
the consolidated assets of BT Group. Considering that the precautionary seizure represents approximately 
8.0 per cent. of Victoriabank's total assets, the impact of the case on BT Group’s financial standing would 
be non material. 
Data protection proceedings 
In 2023, there were no losses, or leaks/thefts of personal data for the Issuer, while the number of GDPR-
derived complaints totalled 3,248 (a 4.24 per cent. increase over 2022). As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer 
received 1 complaints from the NBR, as regulatory body and 1 investigations addresses received from 
ANSPDCP on data protection matters.  
At Victoriabank, the collection, storage, and processing of personal data is done in accordance with the 
Personal Data Protection Act No. 133 of 08.07.2011, the Victoriabank Personal Data Processing Security 
Policy, and the Victoriabank Information Security Policy. The personal data security measures adopted by 
the bank ensure an adequate level of personal data security and guarantee the protection of the information 
received and the bank's information systems. 
In 2023, Victoriabank registered no complaints from third parties or regulatory bodies regarding personal 
data protection.  
Other significant litigation 
For other significant litigation and regulatory enforcement matters, the BT Group believes the possibility 
of an outflow of funds is remote and the amount cannot be reliably estimated, and accordingly such matters 
are not included in the contingent liability estimates. The BT Group and the Issuer will monitor the 
evolution of the topics at each reporting date, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
 
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
Macroeconomic environment in Romania. 
The Issuer operates mainly in Romania, a member state of the European Union. 
Romania is a key economy in Central and Eastern Europe (“CEE”), with a population in 2024 of 
approximately 19.06 million, the second largest after Poland (with 36.62 million). By comparison in 2024 
the population of respectively the Czech Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria were 10.9 million, 9.58 million 
and 6.44 million53.  
In the period from 2018 to 2023, Romania’s economy showed positive real GDP growth at a CAGR of 2.8 
per cent., outperforming the EU-27 CAGR of 1.5 per cent. over the same period.  
The table below sets out certain key economic indicators for Romania compared to CEE354 and EU-27: 
Key economic indicators 
Romania 
CEE3 
EU-27 
Real GDP, 2018-2023 CAGR 
2.8% 
2.9% 
1.5% 
Real 
GDP 
per 
capita, 
2023 
(USD 
thousands) 
18.4 
24.9 
40.8 
Real disposable income, 2017-2022 CAGR 
4.2% 
3.5% 
2.2% 
Source: EIU, S&P Global Market Intelligence 
In 2023 Romania’s public debt as percentage of GDP was also much lower that the CEE3 and EU-27 levels, 
at 48.8 per cent. compared to 55.7 per cent. for CEE3 and, respectively, 81.7 per cent55 for the EU. 
In recent years Romania also managed to significantly improve the absorption rate for EU funds to 94.6 per 
cent. as at 6 August 2024, compared to 24 per cent. as at 31 December 201856. It is also one of the most 
significant CEE beneficiaries of the EU Recovery and Resilience Facility, with the relevant amounts 
representing 8.8 per cent. of its 2023 GDP, compared to 5.31 per cent. for Hungary, 6.06 per cent. for 
Bulgaria, 5.2 per cent. for Slovakia and 7.9 per cent. for Poland. In the context of the global rise in inflation, 
inflation has also spilled over in Romania57. Thus, as at 30 June 2024 the consumer price index in Romania 
reached 5.3 per cent., above the CEE3 level of 2.9 per cent. and the 2.6 per cent. in EU-2758.  
Romania also had a good rebound after the economic downturn during the COVID-19 pandemic, as shown 
in the chart below, with the real GDP growth quarterly, in the fourth quarter of 2022 being above the CEE3 
and EU-27 levels at 5.1 per cent. The chart below shows the real GDP growth of Romania, in the last four 
years, compared with the CEE3 and the EU-27, on a quarterly basis: 
 
 
53 Source: https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/tps00001/default/table?lang=en&category=t_demo.t_demo_pop 
54 CEE3 comprises Poland, Czech Republic and Hungary. 
55 Source: https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-euro-indicators/w/2-22042024-bp 
56 Sources: Romanian Ministry of Investments and European Funds (https://mfe.gov.ro/stadiul-absorbtiei-fondurilor-ue/) 
57 Source: European Commission (https://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/recovery-and-resilience-scoreboard/) 
58 Source: Eurostat ( https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/prc_hicp_manr__custom_12779300/default/table?lang=en)

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
 
Source: Oxford Economics 
The NBR has reacted proactively to the microeconomic environment, increasing the monetary policy rate 
to 7 per cent. in June 2024 and subsequently decreasing it to 6.75 per cent. in July 202459. Overnight 
ROBOR (the Romanian Interbank Offer Rate) reached 6.04 per cent. at the end of December 2023, 
increasing to 6 per cent. at the end of June 2024.60  
Source: NBR 
The NBR interventions and monetary policy helped the RON to EUR exchange date remain stable 
compared to other currencies in the region, as shown in the chart below, the RON/EUR exchange rate 
remaining at around 0.2 as at January 2023, in a constant position since January 2019.  
Source: Capital IQ 
 
 
 
59 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/Monetary-Policy--3318.aspx  
60 Source: https://www.bnro.ro/StatisticsReportHTML.aspx?icid=801&table=642  
(15%)
(10%)
(5%)
-
5%
10%
15%
20%
Q1
'19
Q2
'19
Q3
'19
Q4
'19
Q1
'20
Q2
'20
Q3
'20
Q4
'20
Q1
'21
Q2
'21
Q3
'21
Q4
'21
Q1
'22
Q2
'22
Q3
'22
Q4
'22
Romania
CEE3
EU-27
0.15
0.17
0.19
0.21
0.23
0.25
Jan '19
Jan '20
Jan '21
Jan '22
Jan '23
EUR:RON
EUR:PLN
EUR:HUF
EUR:CZK
0.203
0.195
0.181
-
3%
6%
9%
Jan '19
Jan '20
Jan '21
Jan '22
Jan '23
ROBOR
Central Bank Rates
0.233

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
 
The Romanian banking sector – key indicators. 
Per information made public by the NBR, in recent years, including in the first part of 2024, the prudential 
and financial positions of the Romanian banking sector remained generally better than the European Union 
average, despite some disruptive events: the broad-based worsening of the financial market sentiment 
towards banks, the lingering geopolitical tensions in the region and the persistence of high inflation and 
interest rates. 
According to the data published by NBR61, total assets in the Romanian banking sector were of RON 835 
billion as at 30 June 2024 compared to RON 428 billion as at 31 December 2017. Based on information 
from the same source, the total loans to households, non-financial corporates and financial corporates that 
are not microfinance institutions reached RON 400.5 billion as at 30 June 2024 compared to 233 billion as 
at 31 December 2017. The total loan CAGR of Romania from the end of 2017 to 30 September 2023 
reached 8.6 per cent., being thus more than double the 3.4 per cent. rate62 in the same period in Europe.  
The loan to deposit ratio in Romania as at 30 June 2024 was around 66 per cent., thus significantly lower 
than the 94 per cent. average in Europe as at June 2024. The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of the 
Romanian banking system was 19.6 per cent. in Romania as at 31 March 2024 compared to the 16 per cent. 
in the EU63. The return on equity of the Romanian banking sector was at 20.2 per cent. at 30 June 2024, 
compared with the EEA average of 10.6 per cent.64, a steep increase from the 15.9 per cent. at 31 December 
2021 and 15.5 per cent. in 2017. Furthermore, there is still ample room for continued growth in the 
Romanian banking sector, as the penetration rate for non-government loans is at 22.3 per cent. of the GDP, 
below the average in Euro Area (around 160 per cent.) as at 31 March 2024, while for deposits, it is at 34 
per cent. of the GDP, significantly less than the EU average of 98 per cent.  
The solvency ratio across the Romanian banking sector is above the EU average, at 22.9 per cent. in March 
2024 as compared to 19.9 per cent. in the EU.  
Indicators related to asset quality in the Romanian banking sector have also been improving, with the sector 
non-performing loans ratio decreasing from 6.5 per cent. in 2017 to 2.5 per cent. at 30 June 2024. Per 
information published by the NBR, in March 2024 the provisioning rate for non-performing loans in the 
Romanian baking sector was 66 per cent., thus significantly higher than the 42.3 per cent. average in the 
European Union as at December 2023.  
Competition 
The Romanian banking system has gone through a consolidation process during the recent years, marked 
by mergers and acquisition deals having as target credit institutions and non-banking financial institutions, 
as well as portfolio purchases. Following this process, the number of banks active on the Romanian 
financial market as at 30 June 2024 was 32, eight of which were branches of foreign banks.  
Per information made available by the NBR, as at the end of June 2024 banks with majority Romanian 
shareholding had a market share of approximately 33 per cent. by total net assets, while banks with foreign 
ownership and branches of foreign banks had, in aggregate, a market share of approximately 67 per cent. 
by total net assets.  
The main foreign banking groups present in Romania are Erste, Raiffeisen Bank International, Société 
Générale and UniCredit. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer continues to be the largest bank in Romania, with total net assets of 
RON 161.8 billion. and a market share of 20.15 per cent. by assets. BCR ranks second, with a total assets 
of RON 108 billion and a correlative market share of 13.44 per cent., while CEC Bank ranks third with 
total assets of RON 83.6 billion corresponding to a market share of 10.41 per cent. The other two peers in 
 
61 https://www.bnr.ro/Aggregate-Indicators-for-Credit-Institutions-3369-Mobile.aspx 
62 Includes EU countries participating in the Single Supervisory Mechanism, per ECB definition. 
63Source:https://www.eba.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-06/b4a17394-1285-4b4e-923e-
642a2f725d7e/EBA%20Dashboard%20-%20Q1%202024.pdf 
64Source:https://www.eba.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-06/b4a17394-1285-4b4e-923e-
642a2f725d7e/EBA%20Dashboard%20-%20Q1%202024.pdf

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
 
the top five, BRD – Groupe Société Générale and Raiffeisen Bank have total assets of RON 81.4 billion 
and RON 70.2 billion respectively, with corresponding market shares of 10.13 and, respectively, 8.73 per 
cent.65.  
The Issuer’s growth rate in the last three years (i.e., 2019 to 2023) for both assets and deposits has 
significantly outperformed the average growth rate of its peers. Thus, for assets the Issuer’s CAGR was 
16.6 per cent. (compared to 14.2 per cent. peers average) and for deposits the Issuer’s CAGR was 16 per 
cent. (compared to 13 per cent. peers average).  
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer also had ample liquidity volumes, with a loans to deposit ratio of approx. 54 
per cent, compared to its peers average of 66.4 per cent. For additional information on liquidity of the Issuer, 
please refer to “Description of the Issuer”, Section 7 “Liquidity” above.  
The investments in, and prioritisation of, digitalisation, lead to an efficient operating platform for the Issuer 
and a cost to income ratio as of 30 June 2024 of 45.03 per cent., lower than its peers’ average of 50 per 
cent. Moreover, the Issuer’s return on equity on a consolidated basis was at the end of June 2024 35 per 
cent. (compared to the average of its peers at 20.1 per cent.), with an average of 19.3 per cent. over the last 
three years (compared to the peers’ average of 12.1 per cent.). 
The Romanian banking sector faces substantial competition on the lending and financial services markets 
that come from (i) non-banking financial institutions; (ii) payment institutions; (iii) electronic money 
institutions; (iv) entities directly notifying, in line with the European passport procedures, their intent to 
provide services on the territory of Romania (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, a total number of 325 
credit institutions from other EU Member States had notified to the NBR their intention to provide services 
in Romania on a cross-border basis)66; and (v) fintech companies. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
65 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/DocumentInformation.aspx?idInfoClass=6874&idDocument=45715&directLink=1 
66 Source: https://www.bnr.ro/Registre-si-Liste-717.aspx#AI

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Notes only with regards to 
legal entities which are not individuals (whether they have legal personality or not). No tax considerations 
have been included in respect of the income obtained by natural person holders of Notes.  
In regard to legal entities that hold Notes, it does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's 
jurisdiction and of the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation might have an impact on the income received 
from Notes.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as regards the applicable tax 
implications in Romania and as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
1. Romanian Taxation 
1.1. Definition of terms used  
In accordance with the provisions of Law no. 227/2015 regarding the Fiscal Code as subsequently amended 
and supplemented ("Fiscal Code") and the related methodological norms approved by Government 
Decision no. 1/2016 for the approval of the Methodological Norms for the application of the Fiscal Code 
as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Methodological Norms"), the income generated from 
holding and trading corporate bonds is taxable in Romania under certain conditions, as per the below. 
According to the provisions of the Fiscal Code, there are certain conditions that must be met in order for an 
entity to be subject to taxation of income or profit obtained in Romania. When determining the tax 
consequences in Romania, the following definitions will be applied: 
• a "Romanian legal entity" means any legal entity established and operating in accordance with the 
Romanian legislation. 
• a "legal entity established under European law" means any legal entity established under the conditions 
and mechanisms provided by European regulations. 
• a "foreign legal entity" means any legal entity that is not a Romanian legal entity and any legal entity 
established according to the European legislation that does not have its registered office in Romania. 
• a "resident" in Romania means any Romanian legal entity, any foreign legal entity having the place of 
effective management in Romania, any legal entity with its registered office in Romania, established 
according to the European legislation. 
• a "non-resident" means any foreign legal entity, any other foreign entities, including undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities without legal personality, which are not registered in 
Romania, as per the applicable law.  
• "interest" is defined as any amount to be paid or received for the use of money, whether it is to be paid or 
received as part of a debt, in connection with a deposit or under a financial leasing, sale with payment of 
the price in instalments or deferred. 
• "affiliated entities” – an entity is affiliated with another entity if their relation is defined by at least one of 
the following cases: 
a) a legal entity is affiliated with another legal entity if at least it holds, directly or indirectly, 
including the holdings of affiliated persons, at least 25 per cent. of the value / number of 
participation titles or voting rights in the other legal entity or if it effectively controls that legal 
entity;

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
 
b) a legal entity is affiliated with another legal entity if a person holds, directly or indirectly, including 
the holdings of affiliated persons, at least 25 per cent. of the value / number of participation titles 
or voting rights in the other legal entity or if it effectively controls that legal entity. 
1.2 Taxation of Romanian tax resident holders of Notes  
1.2.1. Taxation of interest 
(i) 
Romanian tax resident legal entities 
The interest obtained from holding of Notes by legal entities which are tax residents in Romania 
represents taxable income when calculating the tax results that are subject to corporate income tax. The 
corporate income tax rate is of 16 per cent. and it applies to the interest obtained by the respective legal 
entity tax resident in Romania.  
If the resident entity applies the microenterprise income taxpayer regime, then the interest income will 
be included in the taxable base (representing the gross income), to which a rate of 1 per cent. (or 3 per 
cent. starting with 1 January 2024 in certain conditions) is applied.  
Holders which are Romanian tax residents legal entities will receive the gross amount of interest on 
the Notes held.  
Tax compliance obligations in regard to the above are applicable at the level of the holders of Notes.  
(ii) 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without legal personality 
established in Romania and of pension funds without legal personality, privately managed 
and established in Romania by civil society contract.  
Tax compliance obligations will not apply to the interest obtained from holding of Notes in case of 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without legal personality established 
in Romania and of pension funds without legal personality, privately managed and established in 
Romania by civil society contract. Each associate / participant in these undertakings / funds is subject 
to taxation within the meaning of corporate income tax/microenterprise income tax or personal income 
tax, depending on the income obtained.  
1.2.2. Taxation of capital gains 
In general, the taxable gain or loss from the transfer of Notes is calculated as the difference between the 
sale price and the tax value (acquisition/subscription cost), which includes transaction-related costs and 
costs related to the transfer of ownership, supported by relevant justifying documents. 
(i) 
Romanian tax resident legal entities 
Capital gains obtained by legal entities residents in Romania from the transfer of Notes will be 
considered taxable when calculating the tax result for corporate income tax purposes at a 16 per cent. 
rate, at the level of the above-mentioned entity. Tax losses can be recovered from the taxable profits 
obtained in the next seven (7) consecutive years. 
If the resident entity applies the microenterprise income tax regime, then only the income from the sale 
of the Notes will be included in the taxable base (representing the gross income, without deducting the 
acquisition, transaction, transfer, other costs.), to which a rate of 1 per cent. (or 3 per cent. starting with 
1 January 2024 in certain conditions) is applied.  
Taxes related to capital gains obtained by Romanian tax resident legal entities shall not be withheld at 
source, but rather the tax compliance obligations rely at the level of said legal entity. 
(ii) 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without legal personality 
established in Romania and of pension funds without legal personality, privately managed 
and established in Romania by civil society contract. 
Tax compliance obligations will not arise regarding the capital gains obtained from the transfer of 
Notes at the level of the undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
 
legal personality established in Romania and of pension funds without legal personality, privately 
managed and established in Romania by civil society contract. Each associate / participant in these 
undertakings / funds is subject to taxation within the meaning of corporate income 
tax/microenterprise income tax or personal income tax, depending on the income obtained.  
1.3 
Taxation of tax non-resident holders of Notes  
1.3.1. Taxation of interest 
In general, interest income obtained by tax non-residents is subject to 16 per cent. withholding tax, if the 
interest payer is a Romanian tax resident. The income payer has the obligation to withhold the tax at source, 
as well as declare and pay it to the Romanian tax authorities. 
However, as per article 229 (1) b) of the Fiscal Code, interest on debt instruments issued by residents legal 
entities, established according to the Romanian Companies Law no. 31/1990 as further amended and 
republished, obtained from Romania by non-residents, is exempt from withholding tax, if: 
• debt instruments are issued based on a prospectus approved by the competent regulatory authority, and 
• the interest is paid to a non-resident which is not affiliated to the Issuer of the respective debt 
instruments. 
(i) 
Tax non-resident legal entities 
As mentioned above, the interest on Notes paid to tax non-resident legal entities is exempt from taxation in 
Romania, and therefore will not be withheld at source, if the Notes are issued based on a prospectus 
approved by the competent regulatory authority and the non-resident legal entity is not affiliated to the 
Issuer. 
In case one of the above two conditions is not met, such interest is subject to 16 per cent. withholding tax 
in Romania. The rate can be reduced or eliminated based on the provisions of the treaty for the avoidance 
of double taxation concluded between Romania and the country of tax residency of the non-resident legal 
entity that obtains the income. In order to benefit from the more favorable provisions of a treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation, the non-resident affiliated entity must obtain and provide the tax resident 
income payer with a tax residency certificate (valid for the respective fiscal year) issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of tax residency. Under certain conditions, the exemption provided for interest 
payments under the EU Interest and Royalties Directive (Directive 2003/49/EC) may apply to payments 
between affiliated entities, in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Code transposing the Directive 
2003/49/EC. As mentioned above, the income payer has the obligation to request the necessary 
documents/information for the application of more favorable provisions. If the conditions of the Directive 
2003/49/EC are fulfilled at a time after the withholding tax at source, the tax non-resident legal entity may 
request from the tax authorities in Romania, through the income payer, the withheld tax. 
Tax compliance obligations are applicable at the level of the Romanian tax resident income payer. The tax 
non-resident entity has the obligation to obtain a Romanian tax identification code if they do not already 
hold such a code in Romania. This can also be performed by the Romanian tax resident income payer on 
their behalf.  
(ii) 
Non-resident undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without legal 
personality and pension funds without legal personality established outside Romania. 
The interest on Notes paid to non-resident undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities 
without legal personality or pension funds without legal personality established outside Romania is exempt 
from taxation in Romania based on art. 229 (1) let. b) of the Fiscal Code, if the Notes are issued on the 
basis of a prospectus approved by the competent regulatory authority and the beneficiary is not affiliated to 
the Issuer. 
Additionally, as per art. 229 (1) let. h) of the Fiscal Code, interest paid to pension funds, as defined in the 
legislation of the Member State of the European Union or in one of the states of the European Economic 
Area, is exempt from withholding tax in Romania, provided that there is a legal instrument for the exchange 
of information concluded between Romania and the beneficiary's country of residence.

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
If the above conditions are not met, the tax treatment depending on the legal form/tax residency of each 
associate / participant in these undertakings / funds is applicable.  
The non-resident undertaking or pension fund has the obligation to obtain a Romanian tax identification 
code if they do not already hold such a code in Romania. This can also be performed by the Romanian tax 
resident income payer on their behalf.  
1.3.2. Taxation of capital gains 
(i) 
Tax non-resident legal entities 
The Fiscal Code provides as non-taxable capital gains obtained by non-resident entities from the trading of 
Notes on capital markets outside Romania.  
The tax non-resident legal entity does not have the obligation to obtain a Romanian tax identification code.  
(ii) 
Non-resident undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities without legal 
personality and pension funds without legal personality established outside Romania. 
Art 228 let. b) of the Fiscal Code provides as non-taxable capital gains obtained by non-resident entities 
from the trading of Notes on capital markets outside Romania. Moreover, art. 228 let. a) of the Fiscal Code 
also provides as non-taxable capital gains obtained by non-resident undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities without legal personality, as long as said undertakings are recognised by the 
competent regulatory authority that activates on that market.  
The non-resident undertakings or foreign pension funds are not required to obtain a tax identification code 
in Romania. 
1.4 
Considerations relating to value added tax 
Investment transactions (purchase- sale) with financial instruments such as Notes, including intermediation 
but excluding their administration or safekeeping, are exempt from VAT according to art. 292 (2) point 5 
of the Fiscal Code. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthrough payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final 
regulations defining "foreign passthrough payment" are published would be "grandfathered" for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
CRS & FATCA reporting

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Agreement concluded between Romania and the United States of 
America, ratified by Law no. 233/2015 regarding the ratification of the Agreement between Romania and 
the United States of America for the improvement of international fiscal compliance and for the 
implementation of FATCA, signed in Bucharest on 28 May 2015 and art. 62 of Law no. 207/2015 regarding 
the Fiscal Procedure Code, the Issuer as a financial institution identifies the relevant persons from a FATCA 
and CRS (Common Reporting Standard) perspective and send to the Romanian tax authorities (National 
Agency for Fiscal Administration) their personal information and financial data, as follows: 
a) the name, address, tax residency jurisdiction(s), fiscal identification number(s), as well as the date and 
place of birth (in the case of a natural person) of each person who is the subject of the report and who is the 
holder of the respective account and, in the case to an entity that is the account holder and that, after applying 
specific fiscal due diligence procedures is identified as a passive non-financial entity having one or more 
persons who exercise control and who is a/are person (s) subject to reporting, the name, address, tax 
residency jurisdiction(s), and tax identification number of the entity, as well as the name, address, tax 
residency jurisdiction(s), tax identification number and date and place of birth of each person who the 
subject of the report;  
b) account number (or its functional equivalent in the absence of an account number); 
c) the account balance or value at the end of the relevant calendar year or other appropriate reporting period 
or, if the account was closed during the year or the respective period, closing the account; and 
d) the total gross amount paid or credited to the account holder in relation to that account during the calendar 
year or other appropriate reporting period in relation to which the reporting financial institution is the 
debtor, including the aggregate amount of any redemptions paid to the account holder account during the 
calendar year or other appropriate reporting period.

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers 
are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 23 September 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between 
the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that 
Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and 
the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers the method of distribution 
will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe 
for the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II.

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in 
this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), (ii) no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland, (iii) neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) neither the Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or 
(ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme and the creation and issue of the Notes have been authorised 
by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer dated 29 September 2023 and, 
respectively, the decisions of the Board of Directors dated 21 November 2023. The update of the 
Programme has been authorised by a decision of the Board of Directors dated 18 September 2024. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of Notes. 
Listing 
2. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, upon 
submission to Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms, subject only to the issue of Notes of 
that Tranche.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
Save as disclosed in the “Description of the Issuer” Section 23 “Legal and administrative 
proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), 
which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and or the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
5. 
Save as disclosed in the “Description of the Issuer”, Section 22 “Recent developments” of this 
Base Prospectus, since 30 June 2024 there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
6. 
The consolidated and separate financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 by KPMG Audit S.R.L., member of the Chamber of Financial Auditors 
of Romania since 2001 registered with the Authority for the Public Oversight of the Activity of the 
Statutory Audit (ASPAAS), having headquarters at 89A Bucuresti-Ploiesti Street, Bucharest, 
District 1, Romania. On 26 April 2023, Deloitte Audit S.R.L. has been appointed as statutory 
auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2023-2027 and Deloitte has audited the consolidated 
and separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during 
normal 
business 
hours 
at 
the 
offices 
of 
the 
Issuer 
or 
at 
https://www.bancatransilvania.ro/en/investor-relations for the life of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive act of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements;  
(c) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and any relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or Registered Notes held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus will 
be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
Clearing of Notes 
8. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
9. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.  
Issue Price and Yield 
10. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
11. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.  
Conflicts of Interest  
12. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
13. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Listing Agent 
14. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to Notes and is not itself seeking admission of Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
15. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300RG3H390KEL8896.

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banca Transilvania S.A. 
30 - 36 Calea Dorobantilor 
400117, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County 
Romania 
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
 60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 71102 BD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
BT Capital Partners 
S.A. 
Brâncuși Business Center 
74 – 76 Constantin 
Brâncuși Street 
Ground Floor 
400462, Cluj-Napoca, 
Cluj County 
Romania 
Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 
(TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe 
SE  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
 
Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH 
 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street  
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
as to Romanian law: 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
100 Bishopsgate  
London, EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
Filip SCA 
Equilibrium Building 
2 Gara Herastrau Street 
11 Floor 
020334, 2nd District, Bucharest 
Romania 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
To the Dealers as to Romanian law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Clifford Chance Badea SPRL 
Excelsior Center 
28-30 Academiei Street

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
 
London, E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Sector 1, Bucharest 
010016 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT 
Deloitte Audit S.R.L. 
84-98, 100-102 Calea Grivitei 
The Mark Building, Floor 9, 
District 1, Bucharest 
(for the financial year 2023) 
 
KPMG Audit S.R.L. 
89A Bucuresti-Ploiesti Street,  
Bucharest,  
District 1,  
Romania 
(for the financial year 2022) 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten, Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2, D02 T380, 
The Republic of Ireland