--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
(incorporated as joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
 
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (the 
Issuer or Banca Mediolanum) may from time to time issue notes in dematerialised form governed by 
Italian Law (the Notes) and denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer 
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of 
an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority in Luxembourg under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends 
upon expiration on 25 July 2025. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined 
above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. 
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of 
Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will 
be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading and/or quotation, as the case 
may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States.  
The Issuer has been rated “BBB” (long-term issuer default rating), “F3” (short-term issuer default 
rating) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Sede secondaria Italiana) (Fitch), and “BBB” (long-term 
issuer credit rating) and “A-2” (short-term issuer credit rating) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P).  
Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  
Each of Fitch and S&P is not established in the United Kingdom but it is part of a group in respect of 
which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom (UK), and (ii) has made an 
advance application to be registered in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK CRA Regulation). The Issuer ratings have been issued by each of Fitch and S&P in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation before the end of the transition period and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Fitch and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by one or more of the rating agencies. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be (1) treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) (or 
is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain 
on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes (where relevant) may be calculated by 
reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, 
is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
(the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to “retail clients” (as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)) in the EEA. In addition to the above, 
pursuant to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4) in the UK. 
Potential investors should read the whole of this document, in particular the “Risks applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Notes” set out on pages 50 to 62 and "Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investor" set out on pages 5-6. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 July 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). The Issuer accepts responsibility 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated in 
it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds – None of the Arranger, 
Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green”, “social”, 
“sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the the Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and 
Eligible Sustainable Assets, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets and Eligible Sustainable Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts 
equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor 
the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and Eligible Sustainable Assets. The Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any public reporting by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/fixed-income but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the 
suitability or content of such materials.  
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Banca Mediolanum Group are either 
derived from, or are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the 
Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently 
verified the information provided by such sources. No person is or has been authorised by the 
Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or 
any information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors 
1. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes discussed in this document are complex financial instruments. 
They are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. 
In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or 
guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Potential investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes should inform themselves of, and comply 
with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein). 
2. 
a) In the UK, the FCA COBS requires, in summary, that the Additional Tier 1 Notes should not 
be offered or sold to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a retail client) in the UK.  
b) Each Dealer is required to comply with COBS. 
c) By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or 
a beneficial interest in such Additional Tier 1 Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, each 
prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of 
the Dealers that: 
i) it is not a retail client in the UK; and

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
ii) it will not sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) 
to retail clients in the UK or communicate (including the distribution of the Base 
Prospectus) or approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or 
underwrite the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that 
invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely 
to be received by a retail client in the UK. 
d) In selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Notes or making or approving communications 
relating to the Additional Tier 1 Notes you may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in 
COBS. 
3. 
The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all 
other applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the EEA 
or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus, including (without limitation) any requirements under the MiFID II or the UK FCA 
Handbook as to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) for investors in any relevant 
jurisdiction.  
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or 
accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from 
the Issuer and/or the Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings 
will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS— If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS— If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and Belgium), the 
United Kingdom, Switzerland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended, respectively, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS). 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, will be carried out in accordance 
with all applicable laws and regulations and may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 73 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 76 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 77 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................... 94 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................... 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 173 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................... 176 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 214 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 224 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 229

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (Banca Mediolanum) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.; and 
any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Paying Agent: 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A.. The Issuer is entitled to appoint 
a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 11 
(Agents). 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Subject as set out herein, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will 
mature on the date on which voluntary or involuntary 
winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, in 
accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders' 
meeting of the Issuer; (b) any provision of the by-laws of 
the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its 
by-laws at 31 December 2100); or (c) any applicable legal 
provision or any decision of any judicial or administrative 
authority. Upon maturity, the Notes will become due and 
payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to 
the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 4.1 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts)) up to, but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes must have a minimum maturity of not less than 
twelve months.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 
1 Notes, Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of 5 years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
respectively. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and in 
dematerialised form, as described in "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the form of Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Other 
provisions 
in 
relation 
to 
Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to 
cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited period and on a 
non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise 
scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date.  
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to 
cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the prohibition to make 
payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the 
CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, before the Maximum 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest 
Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be cancelled 
(in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent 
that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all 
other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or 
scheduled for payment in the then current financial 
year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount 
of Distributable Items, excluding any payments 
already 
accounted 
for 
in 
determining 
the 
Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions 
of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind 
referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV 
Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements (or, if 
different, 
any 
provisions 
of 
Italian 
law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV 
Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)) 
and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), 
would, if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable 
Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by 
an order to the Issuer from the Competent 
Authority. 
See Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts). 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) 
in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an Interest 
Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption) and the Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following such Interest Period shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 3.3(d) (Determination of Rate of 
Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts), provided that 
the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest 
Period started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective 
Date. 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), 
in the event that a Write-Up occurs during an Interest 
Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded upwards) of the 
following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the 
Prevailing Principal Amount before such Write-Up, 
and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the 
Interest Period ended on, but excluded, the date of 
such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the 
Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-Up, 
and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the 
Interest Period started on, and included, the date of 
such Write-Up). 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay 
interest or is prohibited from paying interest on any Interest 
Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual 
restriction on the Issuer making distributions or any other 
payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu 
with, or junior to, the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 Capital instruments). 
Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 
the Issuer falls below 5.125 per cent. (an Issuer 
Contingency Event) or the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
Ratio of the Group falls below 5.125 per cent. (a Group 
Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (excluding any guidelines 
or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Issuer and/or the Group (each, a Contingency Event), the 
Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the 
occurrence of the relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss 
Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
relevant Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent, as 
applicable (provided that failure or delay in 
delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose or in any way 
impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month 
(or such shorter period as the Competent Authority 
may require) from the determination that the 
relevant Contingency Event has occurred, reduce 
the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
Additional Tier 1 Note by the Write-Down Amount 
(such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down 
and Written Down being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall 
be determined by the Issuer, the Competent Authority or any 
agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent 
Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of 
interest pursuant to Condition 5.1(c), would cure the 
relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall 
occur in any event and any increase in the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Ratio as a result of such cancellation shall be 
disregarded for the purpose of calculating the relevant 
Write-Down Amount in respect of such Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be 
effected, save as may otherwise be required by the 
Competent Authority and subject as otherwise provided in 
the Conditions, pro rata with the Write-Down of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing 
amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). 
To the extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the 
calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of the amount

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments, required 
to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written Down on more 
than one occasion. 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice 
which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in 
respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument 
(in accordance with, and to the extent 
required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each 
Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding 
(other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if 
any) is written down (or written-off) or 
converted, as appropriate, in accordance 
with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as 
soon as reasonably practicable following 
the giving of such Loss Absorption Event 
Notice. 
See Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption). 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive 
Consolidated Net Income are recorded at any time 
while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial 
Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its full 
discretion 
and 
subject 
to 
the 
Maximum 
Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of 
the Write-Up is aggregated together with other 
distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as 
applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) 
of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any 
other similar payment restriction provision(s) under 
the Regulatory Capital Requirements (or, if 
different, any provision of Italian law implementing 
Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if 
relevant, such other provision(s))) not being 
exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note (a Write-
Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal 
Amount, on a pro rata basis with the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
similar to that set out in Condition 5.3 
(Reinstatement of principal amount), in the 
circumstances existing on the date of the relevant 
Write-Up 
(based 
on their 
Initial 
Principal 
Amounts), provided that the sum of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-
Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(aggregated with the aggregate amounts of 
any other Write-Ups out of the same 
Relevant Net Income); 
(b) 
the aggregate amount of any interest 
payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
that were paid on the basis of a Prevailing 
Principal Amount lower than the Initial 
Principal Amount at any time after the end 
of the previous financial year, 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in 
principal amount of each such Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument at the 
time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(d) 
the aggregate amount of any interest 
payments on each such Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument that were 
calculated or paid on the basis of a 
prevailing principal amount that is lower 
than the principal amount it was issued with 
at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
See Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount). 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.  
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of 
Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of 
Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of 
securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be early redeemed (other than in 
the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer as described in Condition 7.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event, 
as described in Condition 7.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) and/or (in case of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes only) at the option of the 
Issuer for regulatory reasons, as described in Condition 7.4 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) 
and/or (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes only) at the option of the Noteholders as described in 
Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) and/or at the option of the Issuer as described 
in Condition 7.8 (Clean-up redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to their 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Other than following an Event of Default, any early 
redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including early redemption for 
taxation reasons or early redemption for regulatory reasons) 
will be subject to the provisions of, respectively, Condition 
7.15 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and 
Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms (Specified 
Denomination) provided that (i) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be at least Euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note or an 
Additional Tier 1 Note shall be at least Euro 200,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note shall 
be at least Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation) unless such deduction or withholding is 
requested by law. In the event that any such deduction or 
withholding is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts, in respect of interest 
only, to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Status of the Notes:  
Notes may be issued by Banca Mediolanum on a 
subordinated basis (as Subordinated Notes or Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) or unsubordinated basis (as Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking 
junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations 
permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding, as described in 
Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes). 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the Italian Consolidated Banking Act)) 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, and 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank in their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves, and with all other present or future obligations 
of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments 
and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to 
Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act, as described in Condition 2.2 
(Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being 
notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the 
Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any 
successor regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time (the CRR)) constitute unconditional, subordinated 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, (subject to 
Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes)), rank (i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the 
Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their 
terms to be less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated 
Notes; (ii) at least pari passu and without any preferences 
among themselves, and with all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed 
by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (save for those preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law); and (iii) 
in priority to the claims of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital) and 
to all other present and future subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes and to the claims 
of shareholders of the Issuer. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds 
in the form of Tier 2 Capital, such Subordinated Notes shall 
rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu 
among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which 
do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as Own Funds in the form of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as Own 
Funds items (elementi di fondi propri), as described in 
Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Subject as set out below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking: (i) subordinated and junior to all 
indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer and depositors and holders of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments 
and any instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or 
guarantee in respect of any such instruments (other than any 
instrument or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, 
pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes); (ii) pari passu 
among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of any Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any 
other instruments or obligations which rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes; and (iii) 
senior to (A) the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, 
its azioni privilegiate, Ordinary Shares and azioni di 
risparmio; (B) (I) any securities of the Issuer (including 
strumenti finanziari issued under Article 2346 of the Italian 
Civil Code); and (II) any guarantee or similar instrument 
from the Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(I) above) or 
guarantee or similar instrument (in the case of paragraph 
(B)(II) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
the claims described under paragraphs (A) and (B) above 
and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital and for so long as they qualify, in whole or

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
part, as Tier 2 Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes (the 
Reclassified AT1 Notes) shall rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (i) pari passu with: (x) 
any instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer (save to the extent any such instrument 
ranks, or is expressed to rank, senior or junior to the relevant 
Reclassified AT1 Notes); and (y) any securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with instruments 
qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 Capital; (ii) senior to 
(A) the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its 
azioni privilegiate, Ordinary Shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) (I) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti 
finanziari issued under Article 2346 of the Italian Civil 
Code); and (II) any guarantee or similar instrument from the 
Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary, which 
securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(I) above) or 
guarantee or similar instrument (in the case of paragraph 
(B)(II) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
the claims described under paragraph (A) and this paragraph 
(B) and/or otherwise junior to the Reclassified AT1 Notes; 
and (C) any Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in 
whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital); (iii) 
subordinated and junior to (x) unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and (y) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, senior to the relevant Reclassified AT1 
Notes (including any subordinated instruments that do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds but which rank, or are expressed to rank senior to the 
relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds, 
such Additional Tier 1 Notes shall rank (i) subordinated and 
junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer; (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or 
have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds and 
with all other present and future subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Additional Tier 1 
Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in 
their entirety, as Own Funds) and (iii) senior to instruments 
which qualify (in whole or in part) as Own Funds, including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Reclassified AT1 Notes 
(which qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital as per 
paragraph (b) above).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Variation: 
With respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified 
as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) any 
Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory 
Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, (iii) any Series of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, if at any time a Capital Event 
occurs and if Variation is specified as being applicable in 
the form of Final Terms, (iv) all Notes, if at any time a Tax 
Event or an Alignment Event occurs and if Variation is 
specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, (v) 
all Notes, if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes 
of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (or such other notice periods as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms) to Monte Titoli, the 
Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at 
any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
as applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
as applicable, shall not, immediately following such 
variation, be subject to a Capital Event, a MREL 
Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event and/or a Tax 
Event, as applicable. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the form of Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian Law. 
See Condition 15 (Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction).  
Benchmark discontinuation:  
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset 
Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France, 
Belgium, the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be distributed to qualified 
investors only in accordance with Law No. 205 of 27 
December 2017 on the budget of the Italian government for 
2018.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors, including 
those set out below, which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make 
all payments due. The inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons outside the Issuer's control which may not be 
considered significant by the Issuer based on information currently available to them or which they 
may not currently be able to anticipate. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it 
may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
The Issuer’s earnings and business are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the 
financial markets in general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuer’s 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Higher for longer rate environment may also 
have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and 
in ratings in the Eurozone and in the other markets in which the Issuer operates influence its 
performance. 
A wide variety of factors negatively impact economic growth prospects and contribute to high levels of 
volatility in financial markets (including in currency exchange, interest rates, credit spreads, equity 
prices, etc.). These factors include, among others (i) continuing concerns over sovereign debt issuers, 
particularly in Europe, and (ii) the stability and status quo of the European Monetary Union and 
concerns about the Italian economy (which is the main market for the Group) which might have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and financial position, taking into account the effect of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
the sovereign Italian credit rating on Banca Mediolanum credit rating. Furthermore, since the first half 
of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
The Russian invasion has indeed provoked the reaction of other countries, which have launched heavy 
sanction against Russia. These measures have generated uncertainty about what the effects on world 
economies might be, particularly for Europe, which, by geographic proximity and trade relations, is the 
macro area most vulnerable to the impacts of the crisis. In response to the foregoing sanctions, Russia 
replied with countersanctions on so-called “unfriendly” states (which specifically include countries of 
the European Union). Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further legal 
action, which could affect European businesses (with their domicile in an “unfriendly State” from a 
Russian perspective). 
Moreover, mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and, more recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have contributed to a rise in 
global inflation. To counter inflation, central banks have started increasing interest rates and are 
currently expected to continue to raise interest rates during the remainder of 2024. The European Central 
Bank has implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. In addition, 
restrictive monetary policies and high inflation driven, in large part, by supply chain disruptions and 
higher energy costs from the war in Ukraine and, potentially, the Israel-Palestine conflict, may lead to 
a market or general economic downturn or recession. All of these factors may adversely affect the 
Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of future interest rate increases by major central banks has 
already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such volatility may 
continue for a prolonged period of time. Any increase in inflation rates and/or interest rates or a potential 
recession or other periods of declining economic conditions, could adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition and have a negative effect on the securities 
markets generally.  
Therefore, the economic outlook is still conditioned by a high degree of uncertainty that depends on the 
evolution and duration of the conflict; however, there are conditions for the economic expansion to 
proceed, thanks to the reopening of the economy in place, the solidity of the labour market, the support 
of fiscal policies and the savings accumulated during the pandemic. 
In addition to the above, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international 
trade policies; (ii) other global geopolitical tensions (including the trade disputes between the United 
States and China and the related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced); (iii) concerns over 
levels of economic growth and consumer confidence generally; (iv) future developments of the 
European Central Bank’s (ECB) monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the 
Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting competitive 
devaluations of their currencies; (v) the availability and cost of credit; (vi) the stability and solvency of 
the financial institutions and other companies; (vii) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain 
countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (viii) the volatile trend in the price of 
oil and gas; and (ix) the outcome of the elections in Europe and US. 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the 
current economic, financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer 
operates, therefore, its business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability 
and solidity of its financial condition as well as prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU 
Member States. This, together with the risk that one or more EU Member States deciding either (i) to 
hold referenda as to their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted 
the Euro as their national currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A potential collapse of the 
Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the EU’s economic and financial situation with a significant 
negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans 
and loans to businesses, and significant changes to financial activities both at market and retail level.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
The materialisation of these risks could have a significant adverse impact on global economic conditions 
and the stability of international financial markets and a material and negative impact on the Issuer 
and/or the Issuer’s clients, with negative implications for the Issuer’s business, results and financial 
position. 
Lingering market tensions might negatively affect the global economy and hamper the recovery of the 
Euro area. Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) 
might weigh on households’ disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for 
the Issuer’s business, results and financial position. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will 
be able to make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any deterioration of 
the Italian economy would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, in light of the Issuer’s 
significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
More generally, in an economic environment characterised by higher unemployment, lower family 
income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the 
demand for Mediolanum Group’s products could be adversely affected. 
The occurrence of any of the above events may cause the Issuer to suffer losses, increases in funding 
costs and a diminution in the value of its assets, with a potential adverse effect on the Issuer’s liquidity, 
financial position and results of transactions, including its ability to access the capital and financial 
markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding requirements. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking operations 
and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet payment commitments or cause an incapacity to finance 
assets with the necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the Issuer 
continues to meet its funding obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it relies on 
customer savings and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending 
markets. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic 
terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, including issues out of its control, such as liquidity 
constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system. 
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty and, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global economy 
remains uncertain. The repricing of sovereign risk following the recent crisis has contributed to high 
volatility and uncertainty, weighing negatively on the global financial system.  
EBA published - on 15 June 2023 - the third report (the Report) on the monitoring of the liquidity 
coverage ratio (LCR)) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The Report: 
- 
outlines the potential impact on LCR and NSFR levels of the upcoming central bank funding 
repayment (mainly repayments of the targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO)) as 
well as of a potential scenario of higher liquidity risk, particularly affecting government bonds, 
derivatives and repo markets, in the context of a higher interest rate environment, inflation and 
recession risks; 
- 
provides guidance to banks and supervisors on how to monitor market conditions and economic 
factors that may affect funding sources; 
- 
emphasizes the importance of banks developing funding plans that consider the replacement of 
central bank funding and address any additional risks in the current economic environment. These

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
plans should simultaneously address the funding needs for both LCR and NSFR, taking into 
account differences in funding alternatives and counterparties.] 
The current credit conditions of the global and Italian capital markets have led to the most severe 
examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and 
liquidity environment in recent history and have had an impact on the wider economy. Individual 
institutions have faced varying degrees of stress. Should the Group be unable to continue to source a 
sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, the Group's ability to fund its 
financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected.  
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of 
asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to material 
losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may especially be the 
case for assets that do not benefit from a liquid market. The value of assets that are not traded on stock 
exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be 
calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of 
the prices of assets like these is difficult and any failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated 
losses. This in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's operating results and financial condition. In 
addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely 
affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as its 
investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating  
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by 
independent rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the rating 
agency which assigned it. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating can negatively 
affect the market price of the bonds issued. 
A downgrade of the Issuer’s rating would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer 
in the capital markets. Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, 
because investing in the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the 
Issuer's possible reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, 
a downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and 
may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as 
well as in the eyes of its clients. A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or increase 
its cost for individuals and companies at a local level. 
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Notes. 
Risks associated with related party transactions 
The Issuer and the Group has entered into transactions and has commercial, financial and economic 
dealings with related parties which are mainly intercompany distribution agreements.  
Related party transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of business under standard market 
conditions. In addition, the Issuer has put in place adequate internal procedures in order to mitigate the 
risks connected to such related party transactions and preserving the integrity and objectivity of the 
decision-making process.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
There is no certainty, however, that if such transactions had been concluded with third parties, the same 
terms and conditions would have been negotiated and applied, with possible adverse effects on the 
business, assets, liabilities, results of operations and/or financial condition of the Issuer and the Group.  
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of 
the Issuer or of the Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or refusal by 
customers (including sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to lending, 
commitments, letters of credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and other 
transactions. 
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the Group’s budget targets. 
Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring of the loan portfolio, 
assessing compliance with the agreed risk strategy, with a focus on major risk exposures. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults or 
repayment irregularities, the reduction of the economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability 
to execute the said guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as well as any operational errors 
in assessing customers’ creditworthiness, could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s 
operations.  
On 24 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the 
possibility for the Bank of Italy to impose a systematic sectorial risk buffer (the SyRB), pursuant to 
Article 133 of the CRD IV, consisting of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-
prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, 
the countercyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SIIs or O-SIIs. 
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting 
one or more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-based 
measures), requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form. Those measures 
can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of customers and loans. 
More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, which may give rise 
to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based measures that are – in line 
with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate the identified risks, 
considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application and paying due 
attention to the principle of proportionality. 
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised “Guidelines for Common Procedures and 
Methodologies for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and Prudential Stress 
Tests”, which provide a common framework for supervision in assessing risks to banks' business 
models, solvency and liquidity, as well as for conducting prudential stress tests. The guidelines apply 
since 1 January 2023. 
On 12 October 2022 EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13, the scope of application of the 
Guidelines of 2018 (EBA/GL/2018/10) clarifying that the Guidelines will no longer apply to significant 
credit institutions, as they are subject to greater disclosure obligations regarding impaired exposures 
and the measures of concessions, as prescribed by CRR2 and the Implementing Regulation (EU) of 
March 15, 2021. The EBA/GL/2022/13 Guidelines apply since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing 
said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13.] 
Risks related to quality of loans 
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, 
within the banking system generally, a growing number of companies are struggling to repay loans. The 
proportion of loans to companies experiencing temporary difficulties (substandard and restructured 
loans) is steadily increasing, while the deterioration of loans to households has remained moderate. 
In addition to the above, the Italian banking system is currently recording high levels of non-performing 
loans and, as a result, numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in 
excess supply and downward price pressure.  
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of 
assets and/or increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on positions 
not included in the trading portfolio. 
The Issuer hedges the interest rate risk of fixed-rate or variable-rate loans with caps using interest rate 
swap (IRS) or interest rate option (IRO) derivatives. 
The Issuer’s risk management function ensures that financial risk assessment methods are consistent 
across the various operating entities and helps to set limits relating to the risk appetite and operating 
limits. 
Interest rate risk is analysed by the Issuer using indicators of both change in the value of equity and of 
change in net interest income (ΔVA and ΔMI), as well as to indicators of maximum loss (value at risk 
or VaR). 
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future 
profitability arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the Group’s balance sheet. 
Competition 
The Group is subject to competition from a large number of companies who may offer the same 
financial products and services and other forms of alternative and/or novel forms of borrowing or 
investment. Such competitors include banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, the 
formation of increasingly large banking groups, and the entry of foreign financial institutions into the 
Italian banking market, may allow such companies to offer products and services on terms that are more 
financially advantageous than those which the Issuer is able to offer as a result of their possible 
economies of scale. 
Competitive pressure may arise either from consumer demand of new services as well as technological 
demand, with the consequent necessity to make investments, or as a result of competitors’ specific 
competitive actions. In the event that the Issuer is not able to respond to the increasing competitive 
pressure by, for example, offering profitable new services and products that meet client demands, the 
Issuer could lose market share in a number of business sectors and/or fail to increase or maintain the 
volumes of business and/or profit margins it has achieved in the past, with possible adverse effects on 
the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Group may be unable to maintain capital and liquidity adequacy requirements  
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the quality 
of capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve regularly. In 
addition, the European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do impose on the 
Group, as permitted by such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, which may restrict 
the Group’s operational flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such requirements, require the Group 
to adopt additional measures imposed by the ECB or other regulators. Capital adequacy requirements 
include – in addition to the capital ratios and buffer provided by the CRR – the following main 
requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of TREA (the MREL-TREA) and as a percentage of the 
LRE (the MREL-LRE), in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a 
resolution decision; and (b) a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability 
of the bank to meet its short-term obligations. From June 2021, the banks have also to meet a binding 
leverage ratio of 3 per cent, which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively increasing their 
leverage levels, and a binding Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure that banks finance 
their long-term activities with stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' resilience to funding 
constraints. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Directive, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP). Following the SREP the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the 
capital requirement that Banca Mediolanum must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can 
be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Group from time to time 
may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as 
to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own 
funds requirements on the Issuer or the Group.  
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”.  
On 13 July 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 39th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing – inter 
alia – a clear differentiation between components of ‘Pillar 2 Requirements’ estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the ‘Pillar 2 Guidance’ determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold. The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional 
capital in the presence of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (‘Pillar 2 
Requirement Leverage Ratio’ and ‘Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio’) has also been envisaged. 
On 28 May 2024, the ECB announced to the market that its Supervisory Board took the decision to 
reform the SREP. In particular, the SREP will be adapted to increase efficiency and effectiveness, 
building on and going beyond changes that have been implemented in recent years, such as a new risk 
tolerance framework. Changes will be implemented gradually, starting in the second half of 2024 and 
will be finalised for the 2026 SREP cycle. Although the Supervisory Board’s intention is to maintain a 
full compliance of the revised SREP framework with the EBA guidelines, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there is still legal uncertainty as to the impact the changes the ECB is about to introduce to 
the SREP methodolody may have on the Issuer and / or Group prudential capital structured in terms of 
capital prudential requirements and buffers the Issuer will be required to meet at an individual and / or 
consolidated basis. 
The Group may be subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), which is 
an EU Directive intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered 
to be at risk of failing (i.e. sale of business, asset separation, bail-in and bridge institution). The taking

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
of any action under the BRRD in relation to the Issuer could materially affect the value of or any 
repayments linked to the Notes.  
In particular, if the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of BRRD, and 
is put under resolution, the Notes (the Senior Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) may be totally or partially written down or converted into equity, if it is deemed necessary by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority in the context of the resolution process. However, for the 
Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 Notes, such risk is higher. In particular: (i) the 
Subordinated Notes are written down and/or converted after the shares, but before the senior debt 
securities, thus, depending on the number of resources necessary to resolve the Issuer, the 
conversion/write-down of the sole Subordinated Notes may be sufficient to ensure its recovery; and (ii) 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes rank (a) junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer, (b) for so long as the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
constitute (fully or partially) Additional Tier 1 Capital, junior to the Issuer’s obligations in respect 
of any Tier 2 instruments, and (c) any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that rank (or are expressed to rank) senior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
Furthermore, the Single Resolution Board, as Relevant Resolution Authority, may seek to amend the 
terms of the maturity date of the Notes: this circumstance could negatively affect the value of the Notes 
for the purpose of reselling the Notes.  
The resolution measures may be adopted in isolation or they may be adopted in combination. For 
instance, the relevant authority may require a partial conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares of the 
Issuer, in addition to the sale of the Issuer’s assets. 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the BRRD has been subject to significant revisions by 
Directive 2019/879/EU (the BRRD II).  
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (as defined below). 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II.  
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution's objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the 
bail-in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses 
could be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the 
leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution 
plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-
in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(iii) 
the size, business model, funding model and risk profile of the entity; and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of 
the financial system. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”. 
Forthcoming regulatory changes 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. 
EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR, the so-called CRR III) and EU Directive 2024/1619 
(amending CRD IV Directive, the so-called CRD VI), implementing the Basel III standards and part 
of the so-called “2021 Banking Reform Package”, have been published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 19 June 2024 and will enter into force on 9 July 2024. Save for certain exceptions, 
most of the provisions set forth in the CRR III will apply from 1 January 2025 while Member States are 
required to enact any acts and regulations implementing the CRD VI. Such implementing acts and 
regulation will become effective on 11 January 2026. On 19 June 2024, the Council announced that it 
had agreed a negotiating mandate on the review of the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance 
(CMDI) framework. With this agreement, the Council is ready to engage in negotiations with the 
European Parliament on the final shape of this piece of legislation. Once the CRR III and the CRD VI 
as well as the CMDI will be implemented in the European Union, these regulatory changes will impact 
the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation and 
increase capital requirements. 
Changes in the regulatory framework and prudential capital requirements - including the recent 
publication of CRR III and CRD VI - and how such regulations will be transposed into the national 
legal/regulatory framework and/or applied/interpreted by the supervisory authorities may have a 
material effect on the Group’s business and operations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CRR 
III and CRD VI have only been recently enacted and there is still legal uncertainty as to how their 
provisions will be applied to the operations of financial institutions. No assurance can be given that 
further implementing laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will 
not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of 
the Group. .  
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences for them of 
the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”. 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards or amendments to the current accounting 
standards 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards, regulatory rules 
and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to revise the accounting and 
regulatory treatment of certain outstanding assets and liabilities (e.g. deferred tax assets) and 
transactions (and the related income and expense). This may have potentially negative effects, also 
significant, on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years and may cause the Issuer 
to have to restate previously published financial information.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent 
assets and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and amendments. Accordingly, even 
if the estimates and assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account 
changes in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an adverse 
effect on the items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Group companies are parties to judiciary 
proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of these proceedings, the Issuer, as at 
31 December 2023, had a provision in place for legal and tax disputes. This provision includes the costs 
of proceedings borne by the Issuer in the event of an adverse conclusion of the dispute. The provision 
also includes the estimated expenses to be paid to lawyers, any technical advisors and/or experts who 
assist the Issuer, to the extent that it is believed that they will not be reimbursed by the relevant 
counterparties. This estimate was determined by the Issuer, based on the quote requested to the legal 
counsels in the context of the granting of the relevant mandates. 
Although the Issuer believes that the amounts of these provisions and coverage are adequate, in many 
of these cases there is considerable uncertainty concerning the outcome, including the amount of any 
losses that it may suffer. The losses that it may eventually suffer as a result of these claims may 
materially exceed the amounts that it has set aside as provisions for these claims. 
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the Group is a party, reference is made 
to section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the recently introduced Windfall Tax  
The Italian Government, with Article 26 of Law Decree No. 104 of 10 August 2023 (Decree 104) 
converted with amendments into Law No. 136 of 9 October 2023, introduced for the 2023 fiscal year 
an extraordinary lump sum tax on banks' extraordinary profits (the so-called Windfall Tax). The 
Windfall Tax purports to target the increased profits of banks licensed to operate in Italy resulting from 
high interest rates. The Windfall Tax is calculated by applying a 40% rate levy on the interest margin 
in 2023, that exceeds by at least 10% the interest margin in 2021. It should be noted that Decree 104 
provides a cap for the Windfall Tax equal to 0.26% of the bank's overall amount of risk exposure on an 
individual basis as of 31 December 2023. The Issuer expects that the Windfall Tax amounts to 
approximately €26.9 million for the Group.  
As an alternative to paying the Windfall Tax by 30 June 2024, when approving the 2023 financial 
statements, a bank may choose to allocate to an extraordinary non-distributable capital reserve an 
amount not lower than two and a half times the Windfall Tax (the Reserve Allocation Option). In this 
regard, the Board of Directors of the Issuer has resolved to establish a specific non-distributable reserve 
for tax on banks’ extra-profits, pursuant to the art. 26, paragraph 5-bis, Decree 104 amounting to €67.4 
million. However, if the reserve is subsequently used – directly, indirectly, or even partially (as clarified 
by Circular Letter No. 4/E dated 23 February 2024 of the Italian Revenue Agency) – for dividend 
distribution purposes, the Windfall Tax – plus interest calculated at the annual interest rate on European 
Central Bank deposits from 30 June 2024 - is payable within 30 days from the day on which the 
resolution approving the distribution is adopted. See further the risk factor entitled “If the Issuer 
breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may 
restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such 
interest payments”.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The Windfall Tax is not deductible for the purpose of calculating income taxes applicable to banks 
(IRES and IRAP). 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risk management and exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. Nonetheless, the Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective 
in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, 
including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe 
that the Group’s risk management policies and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its 
revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and 
or systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct risks, 
but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, 
penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.  
The Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and reputation which could arise 
from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
to mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the containment and 
mitigation of operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention and/or limitation of the 
possible adverse effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these measures may be 
inadequate to deal with the risks potentially arising, in part because of the unpredictability of the 
occurrence of risk events. 
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in terms 
of overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in 
securities, litigations and settlement agreements with customers, as well as external events, normally 
subject to mitigation through the purchase of insurance policies. 
Cyber risk and risks relating to information technology systems 
The Group depends on its own and the outsourcer’s information technology (IT) and data processing 
systems to operate its business, as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The 
Group is exposed to the risk that data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed for 
purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties. 
Among the risks that the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of their systems due to unauthorised access to the Group corporate network, or IT resources, 
the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the internet. Like 
attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent globally in recent years. Both the 
aggregation of new services for members and clients and the exposure of online services are becoming 
increasingly complex and gradually extending to more areas and products. In addition, the authors of 
cyber threats are using increasingly sophisticated methods and strategies for criminal purposes. 
Although the Issuer has adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and implemented other 
IT risk policy, its IT systems may experience outages, delays or other failures or malfunctions due to 
design flaws, malicious attacks, hacking or other reasons.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the Group’s business 
and reputation and could subject the Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on the Group’s 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations and 
could have a negative impact on the Group’s business insofar as they lead the Group to incur additional 
compliance costs. 
On 3 November 2022 the Bank of Italy issued the 40th amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing 
Guidelines EBA/GL/2019/04 on ICT and security risk management, providing for banks to establish a 
second-level control function for the management and control of ICT and security risks. Banks can 
assign the responsibility for these tasks to a specifically established function that meets the requirements 
set by European and national regulations for second-level control functions within the organization, 
ensuring appropriate coordination and alignment with other control functions within the organization. 
Alternatively, banks can assign these tasks to the risk and compliance control functions, considering 
the roles, responsibilities, and expertise of each function, provided that the proper execution of tasks 
and the necessary technical skills are ensured, without compromising the effectiveness of controls on 
ICT aspects.  
Risks connected to the destruction, loss, theft or unauthorised disclosure of the Issuer’s customers’ 
personal data 
In carrying out its business, the Issuer collects, stores and processes its customers’ personal data. The 
Issuer has defined internal procedures and technical measures to ensure compliance with all applicable 
rules and regulations concerning the processing of personal data. 
These measures notwithstanding, the Issuer remains exposed to the risk that this data may be corrupted, 
lost, stolen, disclosed or used for purposes other than those that have been authorised by its customers, 
whether by its employees or third parties. Any destruction, damage, loss, theft or unauthorised 
disclosure of its customers’ personal data could have a material adverse impact on its business, whether 
in reputational terms or through exposure to lawsuits or administrative sanctions and fines by regulatory 
authorities, including the Italian authority for the Protection of Personal Data, which could, in turn, have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Outsourcing risk 
The Issuer outsources certain activities and services to third-party providers. In particular, the Issuer 
outsources services for the maintenance of certain operating systems, transmission over certain 
interbank payment networks, credit card payment processing, and for certain aspects of its customer 
care. 
Any interruption in the services provided by third parties or breach by these third parties of their 
commitments could impair the timing and quality of the services received by the Issuer’s customers. 
The Issuer is also exposed to the risk that external vendors who provide services to it may incur delays 
or interruptions in fulfilling their obligations or that they become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings, which could cause delays and inefficiencies in the Issuer’s business activities that could 
have a negative impact on its clients. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks linked to the organisational and management model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
The Issuer faces the risk of criminal liability pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
In its implementation of the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, as subsequently 
supplemented and amended, the Issuer’s Board of Directors adopted an organisational and management 
model (Organisation, Management and Control Model) in order to: (i) identify specific vulnerable 
areas with reference to the different kind of offences set out in the Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, 
and identify the risks and the adequate control measures for pre-emptive purposes; (ii) set the rules and 
standards of conduct for the addressees of the Organisation, Management and Control Model; (iii) 
empower the supervisory body with the task of monitoring the knowledge and effective implementation 
of the Organisation, Management and Control Model; and (iv) define the conditions for the timely 
update of the Organisation, Management and Control Model, should the applicable law change to 
include further relevant criminal offences in relation to the business. In addition, the main companies 
directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer adopted their own organisational, management and control 
model and appointed their supervisory body. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors has the role of supervisory body responsible for overseeing the 
effectiveness, functioning, observance and updating the Organisation, Management and Control Model, 
for the purposes of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, and highlighted the activities carried out during 
the year in the Board’s annual report, without reporting any significant critical issues, events or 
situations. The supervisory body is provided with a budget agreed with the Board of Directors for the 
purpose of carrying out its supervisory duties. 
In addition, the Issuer’s Board of Directors adopted a code of ethics and a code of conduct in line with 
the best international practices. Notwithstanding the adoption of the abovementioned measures, it is 
possible that the Organisation, Management and Control Model and the code of ethics adopted by the 
Issuer could be considered insufficient by the judicial authority which has the potential jurisdiction on 
criminal cases brought forward under the abovementioned laws. Therefore, it is possible that civil or 
administrative sanctions, including those provided under Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, could be 
imposed on the Group and, as a consequence, the Group’s approvals, authorisations, licences and 
permits may be suspended or revoked.  
Should any of such circumstances occur, it may have negative effects on the economic and financial 
position and the reputation of the Issuer and the Group. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating 
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may 
occur would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the 
availability, increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic activity, 
increasing unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a “double dip” 
recession.  
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition, prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. This might 
also impact on the Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to liquidity. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic 
conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no assurance 
that such monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to credit risk at 
acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual customers or

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong assessments of 
creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The 
risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Group's 
debtors and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due from counterparties. 
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of certain 
Euro-zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries in which 
the Issuer operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals and 
companies at a local level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, 
financial conditions and business outlook. 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums, and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial system 
and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to 
technically permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge securities 
deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of 
default, and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, 
or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a 
daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business 
and results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in 
the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer 
in ways that cannot be predicted. 
The Issuer’s success depends on the quality and retention of key personnel 
The Issuer’s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, as well as its 
ability to retain key members of its management team. The Issuer’s current management team

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(particularly its Chief Executive Officer and certain other key managers) has significant experience in 
the industries in which it operates and has played a crucial role in its growth and the continued 
development of its business. The Issuer has invested considerable time and resources in training its 
personnel and internally developing the skills that are required for the operation of its business and it 
offers its top management compensation and incentives to help ensure their continued service. 
However, if the Issuer were to lose significant personnel or if any key member of its management were 
to terminate his or her relationship with the Issuer and it was not able to find a suitable replacement for 
such personnel or management in a timely manner, its business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be negatively affected. 
The Issuer relies on the quality and performance of its financial advisors and its ability to recruit and 
retain them 
The Issuer’s network of financial advisors is a key component of its distribution channel. Despite the 
fact that the Issuer seeks to select, recruit and train its financial advisors carefully, also through the 
creation of professional paths aimed at increasing the market presence of the Issuer and to preside over 
the generational transition of family bankers, it can provide no assurance that there will not be errors in 
its assessment of potential candidates or on the effectiveness of its training programs, each of which 
could result in poor performance by these financial advisors and which could have a negative impact 
on its customers’ experience and its reputation. 
The Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors is a key element in the achievement of its 
targets for the growth of its network over the next few years. The market for financial advisors is highly 
competitive, and the Issuer employs several strategies to recruit potential candidates, including offering 
compensation packages and incentives that are consistent with market standards. Should the Issuer’s 
strategies or the packages it offers be inadequate to meet these recruitment targets, or if the Issuer’s 
competitors were to offer more generous compensation packages to recruit financial advisors (whether 
in its network or that it may be targeting for recruitment), the Issuer may experience difficulty in 
recruiting new financial advisors or it may lose financial advisors with significant client portfolios to 
its competitors. 
In addition, the Issuer is also exposed to the risk that, as a banking institution, it may be subject to future 
regulatory limitations on the compensation of its financial advisors. Such regulations may also impact 
the Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors. 
Any negative developments concerning the performance of its financial advisors or its ability to recruit 
and retain them could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Improper acts committed by the Issuer’s financial advisors in the course of their professional activities 
could give rise to liability for the Issuer and/or damage its reputation 
The Issuer has been and is the subject of lawsuits that have been brought against it in connection with 
allegedly improper or illegal activities by its financial advisors, including fraud. 
The Issuer has been impleaded as a defendant in these matters, despite the fact that the financial advisors 
are not employees of the Issuer, because, under Italian law, an intermediary (like the Issuer) that 
employs the services of a financial advisor is jointly and severally liable for any damage that the 
financial advisor may cause to clients or third parties arising out of the provision of such services, even 
if the financial advisor in question is convicted by a criminal court. The Issuer has taken out specific 
insurance policies to protect against the risk associated with these types of lawsuits and has made 
provisions for expected liabilities that are not covered by such insurance policies. However, the 
incurrence of any liability that is not or that is only partially covered by insurance, or not at all, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Although the Issuer continuously monitors its financial advisors’ compliance with applicable laws and 
its high standards concerning fairness and transparency, its financial advisors may be negligent in the 
manner in which they distribute the Issuer’s products and services or they may willfully engage in 
fraudulent or illegal activity. As a consequence, in addition to the adverse financial impact that the 
Issuer may suffer through lawsuits, regulatory authorities may also bring administrative proceedings 
against it and may apply administrative sanctions, which could include fines or restrictions on its ability 
to conduct certain aspects of its business. 
Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Irrespective of the underlying merits of the claim, the initiation of legal or 
administrative proceedings against any of the Issuer’s financial advisors could also have a material 
adverse effect on its image and market reputation and, more generally, on the level of trust between the 
Issuer and its customers. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risk related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
Risks applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
Risk related to Notes generally 
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with, Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). If so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 7.7 (Issuer 
Call due to MREL Disqualification Event).  
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). See “Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be restricted” below for further information. 
If so specified in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes following a change of the regulatory classification of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance 
with Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)). 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to the prior approval 
of the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the 
relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. See “Early 
redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted” and “Regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes” below for further information. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, each Noteholder will unconditionally and 
irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which 
it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Notes.  
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare 
the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes 
subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act as 
set out in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). Accordingly, other than following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, 
including without limitation the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of 
acceleration in respect of any amount due under the Notes and the sole remedy available to Noteholders 
for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce the payment of any such amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green 
Bond’ or ‘Social Bond’ or ‘Sustainability Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor". 
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption or any application of the general bail-in tool 
The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to 
the application of the general bail-in tool.  
For further information please see paragraph 5 (Regulatory Capital) under the section entitled “The 
Issuer”. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time through 
book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with 
the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes). In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes issued 
in dematerialised form. While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial intermediaries holding 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Notes are held in dematerialised form 
with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial 
intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and 
unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer 
Banca Mediolanum’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated 
and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior 
Liabilities and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR.  
Senior Liabilities means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or 
payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, 
senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by 
the Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Senior Notes which are preferred, there is a real risk that an investor in Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
is applicable, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 7.15 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) elect to redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL 
Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially 
from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 
7.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event). The applicability of the minimum requirements 
for eligible liabilities is subject to the application, in the EU and in Italy, of the EU regulatory framework 
as laid down under the BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V Directive and CRR II (the EU Banking 
Framework). 
If the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance 
that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, an 
MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return” above. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the then 
applicable MREL Requirements, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
In addition, under the EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements 
is subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time to time under 
the applicable laws and regulations. The EU Banking Framework states that the Competent Authority 
would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of 
the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with Own Funds 
instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD II (or, in 
either case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as 
appropriate, the BRRD II) or the CRR II by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V 
Directive for continuing authorisation. 
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the EU Banking Framework.  
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' 
consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and/or (ii) 
below in the relevant Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes then 
(i) at any time an MREL Disqualification Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs and/or as 
applicable (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice (or such notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to Monte Titoli, 
the Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes 
or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued 
by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of 
the general bail-in-tool  
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in 
tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the 
general bail-in tool, or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion 
of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may be of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject to any future 
application of the BRRD. 
Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
Banca Mediolanum 
Banca Mediolanum’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated 
and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or 
indebtedness or obligations which are subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes) of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the 
Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by 
the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer 
under Subordinated Notes held by them; such holders will have claims only for amounts then due 
and payable on their Subordinated Notes. After the Issuer has fully paid all deferred interest on 
any issue of Subordinated Notes and if that issue of Subordinated Notes remains outstanding, 
future interest payments on that issue of Subordinated Notes will be subject to further deferral. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or may be the subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity 
capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims 
under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to 
holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be 
subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
applied the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to 
back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of 
precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) 
contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Banca Mediolanum Group’s entities 
or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-
Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or 
the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, 
as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour 
associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose 
all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such 
Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little 
value at the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 
Decree) implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force 
on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of 
the Italian Consolidated Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended 
Article 91 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and 
junior to senior non-preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time 
either in whole or in part as Own Fund items) were to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items 
in the future, their ranking would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant 
time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Additional 
Tier 1 Notes and Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time are not qualified in whole or in 
part as Own Funds items. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, 
inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in priority to 
the Subordinated Notes, including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or 
partially are recognized as an Own Funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on 
the Subordinated Notes which, at the relevant time, qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part). 
Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes 
would not be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-
viability even though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were 
to receive extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the 
BRRD, may be subject to the burden sharing requirements of such legislation.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
subject to, and in accordance with, the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where 
either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 
7 January 2014, as amended from time to time: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” 
capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided that, in case 
of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on 
the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date 
of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be classified from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or 
purchase. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated 
Notes early or at any time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of 
the minimum period.  
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of Banca Mediolanum is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 
capital" for regulatory capital purposes. 
Although it is Banca Mediolanum’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify on issue as 
"Tier 2 capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of 
such Subordinated Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 2 capital" and, in respect of any 
redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary 
of their Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority (as 
defined in Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)) considers such a change to be reasonably certain and (ii) Banca 
Mediolanum demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by Banca 
Mediolanum as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Banca Mediolanum 
will (if so specified in the form of Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), subject to, 
inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 
of the CRR. There can be no assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return 
as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. In addition, the occurrence of such 
event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Also, under certain circumstances, the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent” below, at any time vary the terms 
of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and/or (ii) 
below in the relevant Final Terms, for any Series of Subordinated Notes then (i) at any time a Regulatory 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) for any Series of 
Subordinated Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes of that Series), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or 
such other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final Terms) to Monte Titoli, the Paying 
Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time, vary the terms of Subordinated Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided 
that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
Risks applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes are unsecured and subordinated and will 
rank subordinate and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated indebtedness of 
the Issuer, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments and any Tier 2 
Capital or guarantee in respect of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes), as more fully described in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Noteholders shall rank senior 
to any payments to holders of the Issuer’s shares, including its azioni privilegiate, Ordinary Shares and 
azioni di risparmio (or certain securities or guarantees expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer’s 
shares or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes, as further described in Condition 2.4 (Status 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes)). In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors on 
liquidation, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be 
terminated (save as otherwise provided under applicable law from time to time). Noteholders shall be 
responsible for taking all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings 
or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Although the Additional Tier 1 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in subordinated notes such as the Additional Tier 
1 Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the 
occurrence of the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital 
instruments write-down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or 
may be subject to the burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Noteholders should understand that the powers to convert, write-down or cancel the Additional Tier 1 
Notes given to resolution authorities pursuant to the rules and regulations described below are in 
addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down upon the occurrence 
of a Contingency Event.  
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments 
such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes through the application of Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Any 
shares issued to holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied 
the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these 
principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by 
central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; 
or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to 
common equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group’s entities or another institution. 
Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
(or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with 
other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the 
general bail-in tool) is applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the 
EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Additional Tier 1 Notes may be 
converted into Ordinary Shares which Ordinary Shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, the 193 Decree implementing the BRRD II was published in the 
Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) 
under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of 
the BRRD II. The amended Article 91 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act provides for the 
following ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments 
only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-
preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) 
cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 193 Decree came into effect (1 December 
2021). In light of the above, if Additional Tier 1 Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any 
time either in whole or in part as Own Funds items) were to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items 
in the future, their ranking would improve compared to Additional Tier 1 Notes and Subordinated Notes 
which at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu 
with Additional Tier 1 Notes and Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time are not qualified in 
whole or in part as Own Funds item. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer 
would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in priority 
to the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognized as an Own Funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which, at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part). 
Furthermore, if Additional Tier 1 Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes would 
not be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even 
though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive 
extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be 
subject to the burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
In case the Additional Tier 1 Notes were to be disqualified as Additional Tier 1 Capital, but were to 
qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Capital, their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and they would rank pari passu with any instruments which qualify as Tier 2 
Capital (save to the extent any such instrument rank, or are expressed to rank, senior or junior to the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
relevant disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes), but junior to any instrument – previously recognised as 
Own Funds item – that is fully disqualified as Own Funds. See further Condition 2.4 (Status of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
The Issuer may elect in its full discretion to cancel interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and may, in 
certain circumstances, be required to cancel such interest 
The Issuer may elect at any time in its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a no-cumulative basis Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on any Interest 
Payment Date.  
Further, the Issuer will be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may 
be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions 
on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or 
scheduled for payment in the then current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, 
excluding any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items. The Issuer’s 
Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on, inter alia, the dividends that it receives from its 
subsidiaries and affiliates. See also “The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number 
of factors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest 
payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes” below.  
The Issuer will also be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may 
be, in part) if and to the extent that such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of 
the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive 
and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (or, if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD 
IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)), would cause the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group to be exceeded, or where such Interest Amounts 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Competent Authority. 
For further details, see “If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether 
or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments” below.  
Additionally, the Competent Authority has the power under Article 104 of the CRD IV Directive to 
restrict or prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments such 
as the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The risk of any such intervention by the Competent Authority is most 
likely to materialise if at any time the Issuer or the Group is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its 
capital requirements – see “If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether 
or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments” below.  
Also, in accordance with Article 63(j) of the BRRD (as implemented in Italy by Article 60(1)(i) of 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015), the Competent Authority has the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments issued by banks subject to resolution proceedings and the date on which 
the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment for a 
temporary period). The Competent Authority also has the power under Articles 53-bis and 67-ter of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act to impose requirements on the Issuer, the effect of which will be to 
restrict or prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to Noteholders, which is most likely to materialise 
if at any time the Issuer is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital or liquidity requirements. If 
the Competent Authority exercises its discretion, the Issuer will exercise its discretion to cancel (in 
whole or in part, as required by the Competent Authority) interest payments in respect of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event, the Issuer will not make payment of accrued 
and unpaid interest in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes up to the Write-Down Effective Date and 
any such accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled. 
The cancellation of any Interest Amounts shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of 
the Issuer. Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the 
Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and 
claims in respect of such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be 
made nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. See Condition 
4 (Interest and Interest Cancellation in Respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
Because the Issuer is entitled to cancel Interest Amounts in its full discretion, it may do so even if it 
could make such payments without exceeding the limits described above. Interest Amounts on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes may be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer’s shares continue to receive 
dividends and/or the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries continues to make payments of interest or other 
amounts on other Additional Tier 1 instruments. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will likely have an 
adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
cancellation provisions of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are 
not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s 
financial condition. Any indication that, for example, the Issuer may not have sufficient Distributable 
Items and/or distributions may be limited by a Maximum Distributable Amount may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Also, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, Distributable Items and any Maximum Distributable 
Amount will depend in part on decisions made by the Issuer and other entities in the Group relating to 
their businesses and operations, as well as the management of their capital position. The Issuer and 
other entities in the Group will have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in connection 
with their strategic decisions, including in respect of capital management and the relationship among 
the various entities in the Group and the Group’s structure. The Issuer may decide not to raise capital 
at a time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result in the occurrence of a Contingency Event. 
Moreover, in order to avoid the use of public resources, the Competent Authority may decide that the 
Issuer should allow a Contingency Event to occur at a time when it is feasible to avoid it. Noteholders 
will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other entity in the Group relating to decisions that 
affect the capital position of the Issuer or the Group, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence 
of a Contingency Event. Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of their investment 
in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient 
Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes 
As noted above, the Issuer will be required to cancel any Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case 
may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with 
distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) 
paid or scheduled for payment in the then current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable 
Items, excluding any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had approximately Euro 2,170.5 million of Distributable Items1. 
 
1 The amounts of Distributable Items indicated are an estimate based on the data included under the annual 
financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023 and based on the Issuer's current understanding of the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer’s future 
Distributable Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, are a function of the Issuer’s existing Distributable Items and its future 
profitability. In addition, the Issuer’s Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing 
of more senior instruments, parity ranking instruments or more junior ranking instruments, including 
dividends on the Issuer’s shares. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation 
or the requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Furthermore, the definition 
of Distributable Items may be reformed in a restrictive way, if the Regulatory Capital Requirements are 
amended or extended. Any such potential changes could adversely affect the Issuer’s Distributable 
Items in the future. Restrictions also apply with reference to the amount of the Windfall Tax due in 
respect of the 2023 fiscal year, should the Issuer elect to allocate such amount to a non-distributable 
reserve. See further the risk factor entitled “Risks related to the recently introduced Windfall Tax”. 
Further, the Issuer’s Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer’s ability to make interest payments 
under the Additional Tier 1 Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the 
Group in general, factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic 
environment in which the Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer’s control. See generally 
“Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme” above. In addition, adjustments to earnings, as determined by the Board, may fluctuate 
significantly and may materially adversely affect Distributable Items. 
If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply 
which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such 
interest payments 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the CRD IV Directive, EU Member States must 
require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement will be subject to restricted 
“discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to Common 
Equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 instruments and variable remuneration to staff). The BRRD II also 
introduced in the BRRD Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined buffer 
requirement and the MREL requirements. Pursuant to this provision the resolution authority shall have 
the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount for the 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) (calculated in accordance with 
Article 16a(4) of the BRRD, the M-MDA) where the combined buffer requirement is not met when 
considered in addition to the MREL requirement. Article 16a envisages a potential nine-month grace 
period whereby the resolution authority assesses on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers 
under the provision, before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power under the 
provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions).  
The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement 
and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the last distribution of profits or 
“discretionary payments”. Such calculation will result in a “Maximum Distributable Amount” in each 
relevant period. As an example, if the available CET1 capital is within the bottom quartile of the 
combined buffer requirement no “discretionary distributions” will be permitted to be paid.  
As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement, it may be necessary to 
reduce discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments 
in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, the Issuer will have the discretion to determine 
 
Applicable Banking Regulations and have not been reviewed nor approved by the Issuer, auditors and/or by the 
Relevant Authority.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
how to allocate the Maximum Distributable Amount among the different types of payments 
contemplated in Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD and it may elect to 
allocate such amounts to “discretionary payments” other than in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Moreover, payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the remaining relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount available for payments later in the relevant period, and the Issuer will have no 
obligation to preserve any portion of the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount for payments 
scheduled to be made later in a given period. Even if the Issuer attempts to do so, there can be no 
assurance that it will be successful, because the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount will depend 
on the amount of Net Income earned during the course of the relevant period, which will necessarily be 
difficult to predict. 
Under the provisions of CRR and CRD IV Directive, the Issuer is required to hold a minimum amount 
of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of risk weighted assets (the Pillar 1 Requirement). In addition 
to these minimum capital requirements under CRR and CRD IV Directive provisions, supervisory 
authorities may add extra capital requirements (Pillar 2 Requirement) to cover risks they believe are 
not covered, or are insufficiently covered, by the minimum capital requirements. See also “Factors that 
may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme – The 
Group may be unable to maintain capital and liquidity adequacy requirements” above.  
According to the CRD V Directive, the Pillar 2 Requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per 
cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. The relevant competent 
authority may require that the institution fulfils this additional requirement with a higher portion of Tier 
1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific 
circumstances of the relevant institution).  
Moreover, the CRR and the CRD V Directive envisage a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. of 
total exposures to be held in Tier 1 Capital. In addition to this minimum capital requirements under the 
CRR and CRD V Directive provisions, supervisory authorities may add extra capital requirements 
(Leverage Ratio Pillar 2 Requirement) to cover risks arising from excessive leverage. According to 
ECB this additional requirement “is intended to capture contingent leverage risk originating from a 
bank extensively using derivatives, securities financing transactions and off-balance-sheet items, as 
well as engaging in regulatory arbitrage and providing step-in support.” 
The CRD V Directive also envisages a “Pillar 2 guidance” (the Pillar 2 Guidance) and a “leverage 
ratio Pillar 2 guidance”, which sets a level and quality of capital the relevant credit institution is 
expected to hold in excess of its overall capital leverage ratio requirements. Failure to meet the Pillar 2 
Guidance or the leverage ratio Pillar 2 guidance does not trigger automatic restrictions on distributions 
provided for in Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD. However, where an 
institution repeatedly fails to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance, the competent authority is entitled to take 
supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose additional Own Funds or leverage ratio 
requirements. 
The provisions laid down by the CRD V Directive as to the Pillar 2 Guidance, “leverage ratio Pillar 2 
guidance” and Pillar 2 Requirements have been transposed into the Italian secondary level legislation. 
According to EBA’s guidelines to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for 
the SREP and Supervisory Stress Testing (the SREP Guidelines), as most recently updated on 18 
March 2022, competent authorities may, on the basis of the vulnerabilities and deficiencies identified 
in the SREP assessment, among other things, restrict or prohibit distributions or interest payments by a 
credit institution to members or holders of its Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, as provided by 
Article 104 (1 (i)) of the CRD IV Directive. Accordingly, the additional Pillar 2 Requirement and 
leverage ratio requirements that may be imposed on the Issuer and/or the Group by the ECB pursuant 
to the SREP would require the Issuer and/or the Group to hold capital levels above the Pillar 1 
Requirement.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
The CRR II allows for the “grandfathering”, until 28 June 2025 at the latest, of Additional Tier 1 
instruments, Tier 2 instruments and Eligible Liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, that do not comply 
with certain requirements of the CRR II. This grandfathering framework is in addition to the one 
provisioned by CRR Articles 484 – 491 ended on 1 January 2022. 
The Banking Reform Package clarifies the distinction between the Pillar 2 Requirement and Pillar 2 
Guidance. Under the Banking Reform Package (and as described above), only the “Pillar 2 
Requirement”, and not “Pillar 2 Guidance”, is relevant in determining whether an institution meets its 
combined buffer requirement for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions.  
If at any time the Issuer is unable to maintain its total Own Funds at the level necessary to meet its 
combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) restriction would be applicable 
and the Issuer may be required to cancel interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The Issuer’s 
Own Funds requirements, including the Pillar 1 Requirement and leverage ratio requirements and the 
Pillar 2 Requirement and leverage ratio requirements, MREL, the combined buffer requirement are, by 
their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which 
may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors. Investors in the Additional Tier 1 
Notes may not be able to assess or predict accurately the proximity of the risk of discretionary payments 
on the Additional Tier 1 Notes being prohibited from time to time as a result of the operation of Article 
141 of the CRD IV Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD and, if relevant, in other similar payment 
restriction provision(s) under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. There can be no assurance that any 
of the Own Funds, leverage ratio and MREL requirements, the combined buffer requirement applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous 
requirements, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity to make payments of interest on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the Own Funds, leverage ratio and MREL requirements, the combined 
buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher than 
the levels of Own Funds and/or eligible liabilities, as applicable, available to the Issuer and/or the Group 
at such point in time. Also, there can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried 
out by the ECB and whether this will impose any higher Pillar 2 Requirement or leverage ratio 
requirements on the Issuer and/or the Group. 
These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine how the Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply as a practical matter to limit interest payments on the Additional Tier 
1 Notes, the reinstatement of the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following 
a Write-Down, and the ability of the Issuer to redeem and purchase the Additional Tier 1 Notes. This 
uncertainty and the resulting complexity may adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
In addition to the above, under Article 133 of CRD V Directive, European Member States may introduce 
a systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in order to prevent and mitigate 
macroprudential or systemic risk not covered by inter alia the CRR and the countercyclical capital 
buffer. Pursuant this provision, the Competent Authority has the power to set one or more systemic risk 
buffer rates applicable to one or a combination of the exposures of the kind referred to in Article 133(5) 
of CRD V Directive.  
The provisions laid down by the CRD V Directive as to the national competent authorities’ to introduce 
a systemic risk buffer have been transposed into the Italian secondary level legislation, now also 
providing for the regulator’s authority to set one or more systemic risk buffer rates.  
Following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided to apply a SyRB 
of 1.0 per cent, of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risk. 
The SyRB applies to all banks and banking group authorised in Italy. The buffer rate target would be

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
reached gradually: 0.5 per cent. would need to be set aside by 31 December 2024 and the remaining 0.5 
per cent. by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the highest level of consolidation for banking 
group.  
According to Article 133 of the CRD V Directive further restrictions on distributions apply in the case 
of failure to meet the SyRB imposed by the Competent Authority. In fact, based on the mentioned article 
of CRD V Directive, “where an institution fails to meet fully the requirement under paragraph 1 of this 
Article, it shall be subject to the restrictions on distributions set out in Article 141(2) and (3). As a 
consequence, in the event of the breach of the SyRB, as imposed by the Bank of Italy, it may be 
necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) 
interest payments in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes. The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be traded 
with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances, such interest may be cancelled and not paid on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date; the Issuer may be required to reduce the principal amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes to absorb losses. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Additional Tier 1 Notes may appear, 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and in other trading systems with accrued 
interest. If this occurs, purchasers of Additional Tier 1 Notes in the secondary market will pay a price 
that reflects such accrued interest upon purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, if a payment 
of interest on any Interest Payment Date is cancelled (in whole or in part) as described herein and thus 
is not due and payable, purchasers of such Additional Tier 1 Notes will not be entitled to that interest 
payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment, 
the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment Date. This may affect 
the value of any investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt accrued interest will also be cancelled following a Write-Down as described 
below.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention 
and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital under the CRD IV Directive both at the level 
of the Issuer and at the level of the Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being 
satisfied. One of these relates to the ability of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the proceeds of their issue 
to be available to absorb any losses of the Issuer. Accordingly, under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, if at any time the Issuer’s or the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio falls below 5.125 
per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 
instruments specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements (excluding any guidelines or policies of 
non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group (a Contingency Event), the Issuer 
shall reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Write-Down 
Amount, pro rata with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and taking into account the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any other Loss Absorbing Instruments. See Condition 
5 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount). 
Although Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) permit the Issuer in its full discretion to 
reinstate Written-Down principal amounts up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount if certain 
conditions (further described therein) are met, the Issuer is under no obligation to do so. Moreover, the 
Issuer will only have the option to Write-Up the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes if, at 
a time when the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial 
Principal Amount, both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are recorded, 
and if the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated 
together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in 
Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction 
provision(s) under the Regulatory Capital Requirements (or, if different, any provision of Italian law 
transposing or implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s), as amended or replaced)) would not be exceeded as a result of the Write-Up.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
No assurance can be given that these conditions will ever be met, or that the Issuer will ever Write-Up 
the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down. Furthermore, any Write-
Up must be undertaken on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and any Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to 
occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) in the 
circumstances then existing.  
During the period of any Write-Down pursuant to Condition 5 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of 
Principal Amount), interest will accrue (subject in certain circumstances to the Maximum Distributable 
Amount, as further set out below) on the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
which shall be lower than the Initial Principal Amount unless and until the Additional Tier 1 Notes are 
subsequently Written-Up in full. Furthermore, in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an Interest 
Period, any interest accrued but not yet paid up to the occurrence of such Write-Down will be cancelled. 
See generally Condition 4.4 (Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down).  
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of a Write Down. If any judgment is 
rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason prior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes being written-up in full pursuant to 
Condition 5 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount), Noteholders’ claims for 
principal and interest will be based on the reduced Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes.  
In addition, in certain circumstances the Maximum Distributable Amount will impose a cap on the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, on the Issuer’s ability to reinstate the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down and on its ability 
to redeem or repurchase Additional Tier 1 Notes. See generally “If the Issuer breaches the combined 
buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the Issuer from 
making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments”. 
The market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. Any indication that the Issuer’s or the Group’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event 
may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event that the relevant resolution authority utilises the general bail-in tool, this could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Additional Tier 
1 Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In 
addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as the Additional Tier 
1 Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken. Any shares issued 
to holders of subordinated notes (such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes) upon any such conversion into 
equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. See generally “The Additional 
Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the occurrence of the 
exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital instruments write-
down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may be subject to the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD”. 
The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number of factors, 
many of which may be outside the Issuer’s control 
The occurrence of a Contingency Event, which would result in a Write-Down of the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (and the cancellation of interest accrued not yet paid up to the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
occurrence of the Write-Down) or the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, is inherently 
unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer’s control. 
Also, whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the 
Competent Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent Authority. Because 
the Competent Authority may require Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios to be calculated as of any 
date (which calculation shall be binding on the Noteholders), a Contingency Event could occur at any 
time. The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios of the Issuer or of the Group could 
be affected by a wide range of factors, including, among other things, factors affecting the level of the 
Issuer’s earnings or dividend payments, the mix of its businesses, its ability to effectively manage the 
risk-weighted assets in its ongoing businesses, losses in the context of its banking activities or other 
businesses, changes in the Group’s structure or organisation. The calculation of the ratios also may be 
affected by changes in the applicable laws and regulations or applicable accounting rules and the manner 
in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in which permitted discretion under the 
applicable accounting rules is exercised. 
Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not necessarily follow the 
trading behaviour of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer or of the Group is approaching the level that would trigger a 
Contingency Event or a breach of the combined buffer requirement may have an adverse effect on the 
market price and liquidity of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not 
be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to more conventional investments. 
Changes to the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or Risk Weighted Assets may 
negatively affect the Issuer or the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
Regulatory initiatives may impact the calculation of the Issuer or the Group’s Risk Weighted Assets, 
being the denominator of the Issuer’s and the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, 
respectively. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of 
the standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on 
the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the 
basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability 
among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 
2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. The 
implementation of this new risk assessment framework, which should have originally occurred on 1 
January 2022 (with transitional arrangement for phasing in the aggregate output floor), has been 
postponed – due to COVID-19 outbreak – by the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (GHOS) to 1 January 2023. The EU is implementing these standards by way of the changes 
brought by the CRR III which has been published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 19 
June 2024. Save for certain exceptions, most of the provisions set forth in the CRR III will become 
effective on 1 January 2025. CRD VI will need to be adopted and relevant measures shall be published 
by Member States by 10 January 2026. Once they will become enforceable and be implemented in the 
European Union, the changes brought by the CRR III and the CRD VI will impact the calculation of 
the Issuer’s or the Group’s Risk Weighted Assets and, consequently, the Issuer or the Group’s Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
Any changes that may occur in the application to the Issuer and/or the Group of the CRD IV Directive 
rules, the loss absorbency requirements under the BRRD (including MREL) subsequent to the date of 
this Base Prospectus and/or any subsequent changes to such rules and other variables may individually 
and/or in the aggregate negatively affect the Issuer or the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
and thus increase the risk of a Contingency Event, which will lead to Write-Down, and a breach of the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
combined buffer requirement, as a result of which Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their 
investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may 
issue that ranks senior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue 
that rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer's bankruptcy. If the Issuer's financial 
condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, 
including cancellation of interest and reduction of principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether 
voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
No scheduled redemption – early redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be 
restricted 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Additional Tier Notes at any time before the date on 
which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, and the 
Noteholders have no right to call for their redemption. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 7.16 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes)) redeem the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in whole, but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, plus any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to 
Condition 8 (Taxation), as described in Condition 7.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 
Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase)), redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in whole, but not in part, following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event and in whole, or in part, following the occurrence of a Tax Event 
(each as defined herein) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in each case, if relevant, any accrued 
interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation) as described in Condition 
7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
The intention of is for Additional Tier 1 Notes to qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 1 Capital" for 
regulatory capital purposes 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Additional Tier 1 Notes qualify on issue as "Additional 
Tier 1 Capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Additional Tier 1 Capital" and, in respect 
of any redemption of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be reasonably certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Additional Tier 
1 Notes, the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRR or, if 
different, the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements. There can be no assurance that holders 
of such Additional Tier 1 Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. 
Also, if at any time a Regulatory Event with regard to Additional Tier 1 Notes occurs then the Issuer 
may, as specified in the risk factor “Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to modification without 
Noteholders' consent” below, at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Any early redemption or purchase of Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (in each case subject to 
and in accordance with the then Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 and 
78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and  
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 
78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014, as subsequently amended: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be classified from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market marketing purposes. 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
In addition, any proposed redemption of Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their 
Issue Date shall (i) in the case of a Capital Event, be restricted as set out above under “Regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes” and (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, be limited to circumstances 
in which the change or amendment giving rise to the Tax Event is, to the satisfaction of the relevant

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Competent Authority, material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit any redemption or 
purchase of Additional Tier 1 Notes. See also “No scheduled redemption” above. In addition, the Issuer 
may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes early or at any time. Holders 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in such Notes for an indefinite period. 
Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and/or (ii) 
below in the relevant Final Terms for any Additional Tier 1 Notes then (i) at any time, a Capital Event, 
a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) for any Series of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that 
such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second 
Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other 
factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of its investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of its investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian law or administrative 
practice 
The Terms and Conditions are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’ or ‘Social 
Bond’ or ‘Sustainability Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable 
for the investment criteria of an investor 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus) in accordance with the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus) and the principles set 
out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles 
(GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)). 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and/or Eligible Sustainable Assets will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and/or Eligible Sustainable Assets. Neither the Arranger 
nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
such Notes. Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an 
investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of the information set 
out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified, respectively, as "green", "social", "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled 
project or investment that may finance such project is evolving. No assurance can be given that a clear 
definition, consensus or label will develop over time or that, if it does, any Green Bonds, Social Bonds, 
or Sustainability Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. In addition, no 
assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) or any other person to investors that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (including the supplemental delegated regulations 
thereto) (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds 
marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (including supplemental 
delegated regulations thereto) (the EU Green Bond Standard Regulation). Accordingly, the status of 
any Notes as being "green", "social", "sustainable" (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the 
green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or 
definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s GBP 
and/or the ICMA’s SBP and/or the ICMA’s SBG and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes 
may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond issued prior to their implementation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable 
project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a Second-party 
Opinion). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of 
the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, no assurance 
or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion, which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in 
particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other 
criteria. Any such Second-party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus.  
A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or 
certification as described above, or any such Second-party Opinion attesting that the Issuer is not

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is reporting, 
assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
In the event that any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects (either resulting from the 
original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the 
case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can 
there be any assurance that (i) such green, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all, (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable project (or any 
project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as 
such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations or to 
obtain any assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the 
green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and 
the relevant Notes or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with respect to any 
Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the 
Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes or a breach or violation of any term 
of the relevant Notes, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any 
Noteholder to accelerate the Notes or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer; (iii) lead to 
a right or an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or give 
any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes 
as Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, Additional Tier 1 Notes or as eligible 
liabilities instruments or impact any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as 
applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments (as 
applicable); (v) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power (or any other provision of the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements); (vi) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any 
other amounts, as applicable in respect of any Notes, or (vii) have any impact on the status of the Notes. 
Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal 
to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital 
and other assets. There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds and any green, social or sustainability targets of the Issuer. Therefore, for the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other features (as the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on 
the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, 
social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or 
sustainable projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or 
result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as Own Funds or 
eligible liabilities. The fact that Notes which qualify as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (which may 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact 
(i) any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to 
ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments or enhance the performance of the 
relevant Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses 
(whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant 
Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) 
or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility criteria applicable to the 
qualification of the relevant Notes as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate) or applicability 
of the relevant BRRD requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) the risks related to the 
qualification of such Notes as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate). Among the risks 
applicable to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may 
be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the Banca Mediolanum Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital, 
even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases the 
fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not 
provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor is their level of subordination 
affected by such designation. 
The Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change 
and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of 
the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer’s Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase 
of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds before deciding to invest. 
No-gross up on withholding tax  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Notes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (Law 
111), delegates power to the Italian government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the Tax 
Reform). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and 
capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise 
nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this 
stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial 
incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains 
accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the 
use of a "benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, 
including, without limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset 
Notes referencing the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the euro risk free-rate working group issued its final statement, 
announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in 
which the relevant EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
the relevant EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference the relevant 
EURIBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in 
consultation with the Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks 
or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be 
made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 
3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation).

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
with their own independent advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, should 
the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a further significant impact on the secondary 
market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal 
amount. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The expected ratings of the 
Notes are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Notes 
is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. As a result, the market value of the 
Notes may reduce.  
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country registered rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes at maturity does not protect investors from the risk 
of inflation, i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested capital will not be 
affected by the increase in the general price level of consumer products. Consequently, the real return 
of the Notes, which is the adjusted return taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life 
of the Notes themselves, could be negative.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2023 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 
81-82 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 
83 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 
84 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Pages 
85-86 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
87-88 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 
90-345 
Independent auditor’s report  
Pages 
352-3602 
The document is available at the following link: https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documenti/file/en/2024/07/18/Banca%20Mediolanum_Relazione_Finanziaria_annuale
_31_dicembre%202023_ENG.pdf 
(b) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2022 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 81-82 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 83 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 84 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Pages 86 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 87-88 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 90-3083 
Independent auditor’s report  
Pages 315-3204  
 
2 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document. 
3 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document. 
4 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
The document is available at the following link: https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documenti/file/en/2024/07/18/Banca%20Mediolanum_Relazione_Finanziaria_annuale
_31_dicembre%202022_ENG.pdf  
(c) 
the English translation of the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2024 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
Operating Performance 
Pages 
36-51 
Performance of the Parent Company and its Subsidiaries 
Pages 
52-55 
Other Information 
Pages 
56-59 
Significant Events after the end of the First Quarter 
Pages 
60-61 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 
62-685 
The document is available at the following link: https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documenti/file/en/2024/06/14/BM_Resoconto_Intermedio_310324_ENG.pdf 
(d) 
the English translation of the non-financial statement for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2023, incorporated by reference in its entirely and available at the following link: 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documents/sostenibilita/2024/MEDIOLANUM_GROUP_NON-
FINANCIAL_STATEMENT_2023.pdf. In particular: 
 
 
Letter from the CEO to Stakeholders 
Pages 6-7 
Note on methodology 
Pages 8-10 
Identity and Profile 
Pages 11-16 
Business and Governance Model 
Pages 17-82 
Mediolanum Sustainability 
Pages 83-115 
Economic responsibilities 
Pages 116-139 
Responsibility to customer  
Pages 140-208 
Responsibility to employees 
Pages 209-240 
Responsibility to the community and the environment 
Pages 241-266 
Annexes 
Pages 267-342 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 343-354 
Non-Financial Statement Audit Report 
Pages 355-357 
 
5 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 151 to 199 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 July 2023 available at:  
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-assets/documents/investor/ProspettoEMTN.pdf 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference are either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Other than the information 
incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "Form of Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"Applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes of each Tranche will be issued as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The expression Monte Titoli Account 
Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation. The Noteholders of Notes may not require physical 
delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification 
pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]6  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 7 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
6 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
7 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Date] 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
[(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 24 July 2023, which Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 25 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to 
it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[Provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/insert date][Not 
Applicable]  
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
at 
least 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent). In the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €150,000 (or equivalent). In the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €200,000 (or equivalent)). 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.")  
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€150,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
"[€150,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.") 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€200,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€200,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
[[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no 
fixed date for redemption. The Notes may only 
be redeemed in the circumstances described in 
Condition 7.2 (No fixed redemption for the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)].] (N.B. only applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Notes)  
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ]] and every 
[ ] anniversary thereafter] 
[[[    ] month EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [    ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount8]/[[] in case of Zero Coupon 
Notes]] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or vice versa change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 15 below and identify there] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
[Regulatory Call]  
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated/Additional Tier 1] Notes 
(b) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
8 Redemption shall occur at at least 100% of the par value

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year commencing on [    ] up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Paying Agent/[ ]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
paragraph (b) below/, not subject to adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in paragraph (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Paying 
Agent):  
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month EURIBOR

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]  
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
7.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent) 
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRR) 
as contemplated by Condition 7.4 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) and/or 
the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from that set out in Condition 7.9 
(Early Redemption Amounts):  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
21. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent) 
23. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent] 
(b) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
[See also paragraph 20 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the Regulatory Call is applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates)

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
27. 
Variation:  
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to a MREL Disqualification 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)/a Regulatory Event, a 
Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only relevant 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)/a Capital 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Additional Tier 1 
Notes)][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[    ] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify (i) relevant regulated market (for 
example the Bourse de Luxembourg) and also 
any third country market, SME growth market or 
MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official 
list] with effect from [         ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the Bourse de Luxembourg) and 
also any third country market, SME growth 
market or MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an 
official list ] with effect from [         ].]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses in 
relation to admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]] to be rated]/[The following ratings 
assigned to the Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[] (Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of [defined terms] / [●] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
CRA Regulation) as set out in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for more 
information please visit the European Securities 
and Markets Authority webpage) on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
/ 
[●] 
is 
established in the UK and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time 
to time, the UK CRA Regulation)] / [have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the CRA Regulation) / 
have not been issued or endorsed by any credit 
rating agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from 
time to time, the UK CRA Regulation)]. 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Notes issued). 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General funding purposes of the Banca 
Mediolanum Group] / [The net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes will be used to finance or 
refinance Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets (as defined 
in the “Use of Proceeds” section)] / [].  
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Assets, 
Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable 
Assets to which the net proceeds of the Notes will 
be applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework to which the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or 
“Sustainability Bonds”. If not applicable, delete 
this paragraph.)  
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Social 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Assets] are included in the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, that 
will be made available, [together with the Second

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Party Opinion,] on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/inve
stors/fixed-income] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[∙]/[Not applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[∙] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[∙] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Monte Titoli and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[         ]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
settled through Monte Titoli and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria]  
/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria could be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not 
applicable 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified).

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified). 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]9  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 10 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
10 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]11 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 25 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 24 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].]12 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/insert date][Not Applicable]]  
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable)  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
 
11 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that 
regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information 
document will be prepared, under that regime). 
12 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different date.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
at 
least 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent). In the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €150,000 (or equivalent). In the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of at least €200,000 (or equivalent)). 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
[[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no 
fixed date for redemption. The Notes may only 
be redeemed in the circumstances described in 
Condition 7.2 (No fixed redemption for the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)].] (N.B. only applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ] and every [ 
] anniversary thereafter] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
10. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
  
[Regulatory Call] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes)  
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/ 
Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated/Additional Tier 1] Notes 
(b) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year commencing on [    ] up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Paying Agent/[ ]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
paragraph (b) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
paragraph (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[] month EURIBOR

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]] 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(k) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[    ]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Paying Agent/[give name]] 
(c) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(g) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[    ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[    ] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
7.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/[Make-whole 
Amount/] specify other/see Appendix]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of the 
relevant Competent Authority, as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRR) as 
contemplated by Condition 7.4 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) and/or 
the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from that set out in Condition 7.9 
(Early Redemption Amounts): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
23. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
24. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount  
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
25. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent] 
(b) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
[See also paragraph 22 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the Regulatory Call is applicable)

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which subparagraphs 15(c) and 17(f) 
relate) 
29. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
31. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
Variation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to a MREL Disqualification 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)/a Regulatory Event, a 
Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only relevant 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)/a Capital 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes)] 
[and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period:  
[   ] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [specify market – note this must not be an EEA 
regulated market] with effect from [    ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of 
the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[General funding purposes of the Banca Mediolanum 
Group] / [The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
will be used to finance or refinance Green Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainable Assets (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section)] / [Give details].  
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” describe 
the relevant Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets to which the net 
proceeds of the Notes will be applied or make 
reference to the relevant bond framework to which the 
net proceeds of the Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or 
“Sustainability Bonds”. If not applicable, delete this 
paragraph.)  
Further details on [Eligible Green Assets]/[Eligible 
Social Assets]/[Eligible Sustainable Assets] are 
included in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, that will be available, [together with the 
Second Party Opinion,] on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/
fixed-income] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other than Monte Titoli and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
settled through Monte Titoli and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria]  
/

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria could be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of the Notes (the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Terms and Conditions or the Conditions or the Notes). The applicable 
Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following terms and conditions for the purpose of such notes. The 
form of final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will complete these Terms and Conditions. 
reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes 
shall mean the beneficial owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Euronext Securities 
Milan (former Monte Titoli S.p.A.) with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli 
Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli) pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation). No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) are intermediaries authorised to operate 
through Monte Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (the 
Issuer). The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (the Paying Agent), save that the 
Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 11 (Agents). 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte 
Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A (Contractual 
Terms) of the Final Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions or, if this Note is a Note which 
is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK 
regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) 
the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A (Contractual Terms) of 
the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note. References to the form of Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A 
(Contractual Terms) of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). Any reference in the 
Conditions to form of Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
the form of Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with relevant provisions 
for meetings of Noteholders attached to and deemed to form part of these Conditions (the Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders). The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and 
shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders 
as of their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or 
transferred by way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services 
Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes.  
The Notes are issued in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the 
minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms 
as being a Senior Note shall be at least Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each 
Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note or an 
Additional Tier 1 Note shall be at least Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified Denomination of 
each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note 
shall be at least Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a 
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note (each as hereinafter defined), or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note 
(each as hereinafter defined) or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or an 
Additional Tier 1 Note, as indicated in the form of Final Terms. 
Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Monte Titoli. References to the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall 
be to the records for which Monte Titoli acts as depository. References to Monte Titoli, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B (Other 
Information) of the form of Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Note and, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Note, the applicable subordination provisions. 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.1 applies only to Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply 
to Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from 
time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by 
law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if 
any) of the Issuer, present and future and pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.2 applies only to Non-Preferred Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
does not apply to Senior Notes).  
(a) 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, and 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes,

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
(b) 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-
Preferred Senior Note. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being notes intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of 
the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in 
Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, 
and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time (the CRR)) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank:  
(i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their 
terms to be less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes;  
(ii) 
at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all 
other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not 
expressed by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes (save for those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law); and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or 
in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital) and to all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their 
terms to rank junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in 
their entirety, as Own Funds in the form of Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes 
shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer, 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other present and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds in the form of Tier 2 capital) and senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri). 
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series 
will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.4 
Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 2.4 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as Additional Tier 1 and intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer and depositors and holders of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any dated subordinated instruments and any instruments issued as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments (other than 
any instrument or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, pari passu 
with the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, 
Ordinary Shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued 
under Article 2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or 
similar instrument from the Issuer to any securities issued by a 
subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(i) above) or guarantee or similar 
instrument (in the case of paragraph (B)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the claims described under paragraphs (A) and (B) above 
and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(b) 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, 
in their entirety, as Additional Tier 1 Capital and for so long as they qualify, in whole 
or part, as Tier 2 Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes (the Reclassified AT1 Notes) 
shall rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with: (x) any instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer (save to the extent any such instrument ranks, or is 
expressed to rank, senior or junior to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); and 
(y) any securities or other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
pari passu with instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 Capital; 
(ii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, 
Ordinary Shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued 
under Article 2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or 
similar instrument from the Issuer to any securities issued by a 
subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(i) above) or guarantee 
or similar instrument (in the case of paragraph (B)(ii) above) rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims described under 
paragraph (A) above and this paragraph (B) and/or otherwise junior 
to the Reclassified AT1 Notes; and 
(C) 
any Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital); 
(iii) 
subordinated and junior to (x) unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the 
Issuer and (y) subordinated creditors of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, senior to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds but which rank, or are expressed to rank senior to the 
relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); 
(c) 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, 
in their entirety, as Own Funds, such Additional Tier 1 Notes shall rank (i) subordinated 
and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer; (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which 
do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds) and (iii) 
senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as Own Funds, including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Reclassified AT1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, 
as Tier 2 Capital as per paragraph (b) above).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) 
in the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) 
in the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 3.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Rate of 
Interest may be specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for 
all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed 
Interest Periods. 
Except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up)  
(b) 
and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 3.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the form of Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to 
Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in 
accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest 
(inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will 
be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which 
matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Calculation Agent means the Paying Agent or such other entity designated for such purpose 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the form 
of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR and the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3.2(c) (Fallbacks), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the 
Subsequent Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period;

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the 
relevant Subsequent Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion). 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) shall, subject as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph (c), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (A) 
the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) Reference Banks means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the 
swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, the party who will calculate the 
amount of interest due if it is not the Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum 
interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. The form of Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  Each 
Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of paragraph (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of paragraph (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) 
in the case of paragraph (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
form of Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the form of Final Terms. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph(B) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer (or an agent

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Paying Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Paying Agent with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
the purpose) informs the Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph (b), the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for the determination of EURIBOR). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b) Reference Banks means the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
with the provisions of Condition 3.3(b) (Rate of Interest) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 3.3(b) (Rate of Interest) is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.  
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest 
(the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) and multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⌊360×(Y2−Y1)⌋+⌊30×(M2−M1)⌋+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
⌊360×(Y2−Y1)⌋+⌊30×(M2−M1)⌋+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
⌊360×(Y2−Y1)⌋+⌊30×(M2−M1)⌋+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the form 
of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent (as applicable), the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Milan 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(f), the expression Milan Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in Milan. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3(g) by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, 
the Paying Agent (as applicable), all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct,

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
gross negligence or fraud) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to Monte 
Titoli, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes (being the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms) any Paying 
Agent, the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
3.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable 
or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4(a) 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions (and any agency agreement entered into by the Issuer to appojnt a different 
Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 11 (Agents), as applicable), including but 
not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or 
non-objection from, the Competent Authority, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions (and any agency agreement entered 
into by the Issuer to appojnt a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 11 
(Agents), as applicable) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to (i) prejudice the Notes: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the 
Issuer and/or the Group; and (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, qualifying as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
and/or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) result in 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset 
Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case 
of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding 
Reset Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating 
Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 3.3(b) 
(Rate of Interest) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital market transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate;; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market, within the following six 
months; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of 
the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3.3 above (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) each applicable 
only for the relevant periods specified in the form of Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one 
or more occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a 
Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of 
the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the form of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, 
where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up 
to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a 
Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the 
next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms as 
a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.  
3.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the 
provisions of Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) shall, save to the extent amended 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes 
and to the Paying Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation 
Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Paying 
Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3.3 above (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, at its 
option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the 
Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from (and including) 
the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect 
of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change 
will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the 
exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition and in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date. 
3.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until the date 
on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid. 
4. 
INTEREST AND INTEREST CANCELLATION IN RESPECT OF ADDITIONAL 
TIER 1 NOTES 
This Condition 4 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 3 
(Interest) to Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 4. 
4.1 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an 
unlimited period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to 
be paid on an Interest Payment Date.  
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) 
the prohibition to make payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of 
Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other 
similar payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, before the Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest 
Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the 
Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable 
Items, excluding any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable 
Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as 
applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if 
relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (or, if different, any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), would, if paid, cause the 
Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group 
to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the 
Competent Authority. 
As set out in Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption), if a Contingency Event (as defined below) occurs, 
accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date shall be 
cancelled. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)) and the Paying Agent as soon as 
possible, but not more than 60 calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such 
notice shall specify the amount of the relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give 
such notice shall not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for 
any purpose. In the absence of any notice of cancellation being given, the fact of non-payment 
(in whole or in part) of the relevant Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall 
be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to cancel such distributions payment 
in whole or in part, as applicable.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 or Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption) shall not constitute a default for any purpose 
on the part of the Issuer and (ii) interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and 
any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not 
accumulate or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such amounts shall be fully and 
irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to 
any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. 
As used in these Conditions, Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year immediately 
preceding the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any 
profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to 
holders of Own Funds instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any 
such distributions paid or made on Tier 2 Capital instruments or any such distributions 
which have already been provided for, by way of deduction, in calculating the amount 
of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable 
pursuant to applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from 
time to time and sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with 
applicable Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with 
respect to the specific category of Own Funds instruments to which applicable 
European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer relates, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer’s non-consolidated 
accounts. 
4.2 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from 
paying interest on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction 
on the Issuer making distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking 
pari passu with, or junior to, the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 
2 Capital instruments). 
4.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) and Condition 6 (Payments), the 
amount of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note for any period shall be 
calculated by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes) by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such 
Additional Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
4.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Down 
occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption) and the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 
3.3(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts), provided that 
the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the Write-Down Effective Date. 
4.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Up occurs 
during an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated as the sum (rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before 
such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended 
on, but excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after 
such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started 
on, and included, the date of such Write-Up). 
As used in these Conditions: 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum distributable amount 
relating to the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in 
accordance with the CRD IV Directive and/or any other Regulatory Capital Requirement(s) (or 
any provision of Italian law transposing or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if 
relevant, any other Regulatory Capital Requirement(s)) if the Issuer and/or the Group is failing 
to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers relating to such requirements (including, 
without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) required to be calculated in 
accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum distributable amount 
related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) required 
to be calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD and the maximum distributable 
amount related to the leverage ratio (L-MDA) required to be calculated in accordance with Art. 
141b of the CRD IV Directive), in each case if a corresponding payment restriction provision 
is applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) at that point in time; 
Maximum Write-Up Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of 
principal amount); 
Own Funds has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
Prevailing Principal Amount in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, means the 
Initial Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one 
or more occasions) pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or 
more occasions) pursuant to a Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date; 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) 
in the Regulatory Capital Requirements;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Write-Down has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption); 
Write-Down Amount has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss absorption); 
Write-Down Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss 
absorption); 
Write-Up has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of principal 
amount); 
Write-Up Notice has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reinstatement of 
principal amount); and 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other than the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, any member of the 
Group, and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the Group 
that, as at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal amount 
lower than the principal amount that it was issued with due to a write-down. 
5. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
This Condition 5 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 3 
(Interest) to Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 5. 
5.1 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls below 5.125 per cent. 
(an Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Group falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum trigger 
event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in 
the Regulatory Capital Requirements (excluding any guidelines or policies of non-mandatory 
application) applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer 
shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the relevant 
Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)), the Paying Agent (provided 
that failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective 
Date; and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant 
Contingency Event has occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
Additional Tier 1 Note by the Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to 
as a Write-Down and Written Down being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the 
Competent Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent Authority.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 5.1(c) 
would cure the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any event 
and any increase in the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio as a result of such cancellation shall be 
disregarded for the purpose of calculating the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such 
Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be 
required by the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, 
pro rata with the Write-Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the 
case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the 
relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the extent possible, the write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments will be taken 
into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of the amount of write-down 
(or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments, 
required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be 
Written Down on more than one occasion. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has 
occurred, the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in 
a pro rata decrease in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), 
including the method of calculation of the Write-Down Amount, and the date on which the 
Write-Down will take effect (the Write-Down Effective Date). Any Loss Absorption Event 
Notice delivered to the Paying Agent shall be accompanied by a certificate signed by the 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Contingency Event has occurred and setting 
out the method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. The Paying Agent is not 
responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any 
certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check 
or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate 
or incorrect. 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of 
each outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-
Down Effective Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of 
the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the Contingency Event; 
or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis 
of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency Event, 
or the Contingency Event is not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to reduce 
the Prevailing Principal Amount to the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter 
period as the Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Contingency Event has occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of 
any such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not prejudice the 
requirement to effect the Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 
5.1; and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not be 
taken into account in calculating the Write Down Amount in respect of such Write-Down. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation of the Write-
Down Amount to the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument 
can actually be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant 
circumstances within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority may 
require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred.  
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are 
outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be 
written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only 
(Full Loss Absorbing Instruments) then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro 
rata with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case 
may be, of any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit 
floor) simply by virtue of the fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be 
written-down (or written-off) or converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or 
write-off) of principal or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes and such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata 
basis) as if their terms permitted partial write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed to occur in two 
concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in 
each case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary 
to cure the relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the 
principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) 
shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case 
may be, with the effect of increasing the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s, as the case may 
be, Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio above the minimum required level under (a) above. 
5.2 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other 
than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, 
as appropriate, in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
5.3 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are recorded at any time 
while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial 
Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum 
Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with 
other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction 
provision(s) under the Regulatory Capital Requirements (or, if different, any provision of 
Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
Additional Tier 1 Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a 
pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to 
that set out in this Condition 5.3 in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-
Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), provided that the sum of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(aggregated with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same 
Relevant Net Income); 
(b) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were 
paid on the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal 
Amount at any time after the end of the previous financial year, 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(d) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal 
amount that is lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the 
end of the previous financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(i) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net 
Income, the Consolidated Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal 
amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Group, and divided 
by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or  
(ii) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Income, the 
Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer as at the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments of the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar 
basis to that set out in this Condition 5.3 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up 
on the Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 5.3 until 
the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial 
Principal Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred 
and is continuing, or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 
5.3 on any occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any 
other occasion pursuant to this Condition 5.3. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 5.3, it 
shall deliver a notice (a Write-Up Notice) specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a 
percentage of the Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata 
increase in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on 
which such Write-Up shall take effect shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) and to the Paying Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least 
ten Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant Write-Up becomes effective.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, at any time, has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Regulatory Capital Requirements taking into account any 
applicable transitional provisions under the Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted 
Assets of the Issuer or the Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the 
Competent Authority in accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements taking into 
account any applicable transitional provisions under the Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
Consolidated Net Income means the consolidated net income of the Group, as calculated and 
set out in the most recent published audited annual consolidated accounts of the Group, as 
approved by the Issuer; 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of 
whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) which contains 
provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such 
instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the 
occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer 
falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified 
in the Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of 
whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer or a Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the 
principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
of the Group falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to the Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions 
are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, 
would be) satisfied; 
Group Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss 
absorption); 
Initial Principal Amount means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may 
be, a Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 
1 Note or Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of 
the Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable; 
Issuer Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss 
absorption); 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instrument, as applicable; 
Loss Absorption Event Notice has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.1 (Loss 
absorption); 
Net Income means the non-consolidated net income of the Issuer as calculated and set out in 
the last audited annual accounts of the Issuer, as approved by the Issuer; 
Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of the Issuer; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of 
whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-
off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares 
of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its 
conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a level that is higher than 5.125 per cent. or 
the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 
1 Capital instruments specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to 
the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any instrument (irrespective 
of whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer or the Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed 
to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Group Entity which contains provisions 
relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with 
its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Group falling below a level that is higher than 5.125 per 
cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements 
applicable to the Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of whether such 
instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group 
and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by any 
Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion of the principal amount of such instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that Group Entity, or of a group within 
the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant to Chapter 2 of Title II of 
Part One of the CRR other than the Group, falling below the level specified in such 
instrument at the date on which the relevant Group Contingency Event first occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions 
are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, 
would be) satisfied; 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the Consolidated Net Income; 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of 
the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Regulatory Capital Requirements taking into account any applicable transitional 
provisions under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Payments to Noteholders 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account 
Holders whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited 
by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes 
or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
6.2 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by Monte Titoli crediting the euro accounts of the 
relevant intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli’s 
records.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
6.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in Milan; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the form of Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
6.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation).

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the 
case of Exempt Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  
7.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 7.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with this 
Condition 7.2. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 
1 Notes will mature on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, 
liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the 
shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer, (b) any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, 
the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 31 December 2100), or (c) any applicable legal 
provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative authority. Upon maturity, the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing 
Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 4.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts)) up to, but excluding the date 
fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer (but subject, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 7.15 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes)) in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the form of Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event 
has occurred, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
make available, upon request, to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
result of such change or amendment and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such 
documents as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.3, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 7.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
7.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event) below or, in the case of Additional Tier 
1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions, Tax Event means: 
(a) 
in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer 
under the Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer is reduced, or the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings 
of, or applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), or any 
political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation or administration of such laws, 
regulations or rulings: 
(i) 
which change or amendment: 
(A) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of 
the Notes; 
(B) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent 
required by the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the 
Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes; 
(C) 
is evidenced by the delivery of a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that interest payable by the Issuer in 
respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is no longer, or will no longer 
be, deductible for income tax purposes of the Tax Jurisdiction or such 
deductibility is materially reduced, or that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts, as the case may be, 
and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail, to be made available by the Issuer, upon 
request, to the Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; 
(b) 
in the case of any Notes other than Additional Tier 1 Notes: (i) on the occasion of the 
next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in respect of 
payments of interests only) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of (or applicable in) a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), or any change in the application or official

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of Subordinated 
Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, under the 
relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the relevant Competent Authority that such change or amendment is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the first 
tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it.  
7.4 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 7.4 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes)), in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest 
Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either 
a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if 
(a) a Regulatory Event occurs in respect of the Subordinated Notes, or (b) a Capital Event 
occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
make available, upon request, to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.4, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.4. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 7.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) below, or in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions: 
A Capital Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes under the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements that would 
be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, in part, from Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Group or the Issuer or, 
where applicable, in accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements, a reclassification 
as a lower quality form of Own Funds and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence 
of a Capital Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, both of the following conditions are 
met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in regulatory 
classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date 
of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes; and

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes under the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements 
that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the 
relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the Group or the 
Issuer or a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds provided that, in case of 
exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on the amount 
of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the 
extent then required by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option 
being referred to as an Issuer Call.  The form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.5 for full information on 
any Issuer Call.  In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption 
Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject 
to, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 7.15 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, the provisions of Condition 7.16 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes)), having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the form of Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
form of Final Terms or, in the case of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the form of Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified 
in the form of Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or an agent appointed 
by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a 
leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified 
Redemption Margin,

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser 
selected by the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(b) if the Paying Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified 
in the form of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Paying Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7.5 by the Issuer (or by 
an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and all Noteholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
7.5 will be redeemed in compliance with applicable law and the rules of Monte Titoli, and the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be divided among all the Noteholders of the relevant Series

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
pro rata to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes then held by the individual 
Noteholders. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
This Condition 7.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The form of 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 7.6 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the form of Final 
Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and 
the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, deliver to the Issuer and the Paying Agent a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date, the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount of Notes to be redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Date and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount. 
Any notice given by a holder of any Note in accordance with this Condition 7.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.7 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7.7 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 7.15 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes)) on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the form of Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Noteholders, redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount as 
described in Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) below (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.7, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.7. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 7.7 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.8 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up option (the Clean-Up Redemption Option) is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Clean-up Call Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, 
at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more 
than 30 calendar days’ notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up 
redemption amount (Clean-Up Redemption Amount) or, in the case of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-
Up Redemption Notice. 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 7.4 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), Condition 7.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) above and Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement):  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
7.10 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked 
Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date.  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.11 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.15 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the purchaser, cancelled. 
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that and to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)) at the relevant time the Notes to be purchased (a) do not exceed the 
lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the 
Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series 
of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes qualified on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory capital purposes of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding and (b) are not purchased in order to be surrendered to 
any Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
7.12 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.11 (Purchases) above cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
7.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor 
Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall 
be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.9(b) (Early Redemption Amounts) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
7.14 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, 
to Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
7.15 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)), 7.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event), 7.8 (Clean-up redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or 7.11 (Purchases) or Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver)) is 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase 
prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements 
applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements) and, including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that its Own Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements (as amended and supplemented from time 
to time). 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, which may be renewed up to one year per time, to redeem or 
purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption 
or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
7.16 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance 
with Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.8 (Clean-up 
redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 7.11 (Purchases) or Condition 13 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver)) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent 
Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes (in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as 
amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
its Own Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a 
margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, as subsequently amended: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of 
Subordinated Notes or a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time 
being. 
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which 
shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or 
any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from time to 
time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Capital instruments or the 
Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at limbs 
(i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 7.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons), 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 7.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.8 (Clean-up redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event occurs, the relevant 
redemption notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall 
occur as described under Condition 5 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal 
Amount). 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 7.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.8 (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer) in 
the period following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to the relevant 
Write Down Effective Date.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
As used in these Conditions: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer. 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing 
Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive; 
Group or Banca Mediolanum Group means the Banca Mediolanum Banking Group, 
registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 
of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act, under number 3062;

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Group Entity means the Issuer and any legal person that is part of the Banca Mediolanum 
Group; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the 
resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to) any 
such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or 
any other person;  
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be 
excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from 
the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within 
a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities 
does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from MREL Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is 
funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group, 
from time to time, (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the 
Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum 
Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time; 
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group from time to time (including, any applicable 
transitional provisions), including, but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes, the rules contained in, or implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, 
delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by 
the European Banking Authority;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution 
of the Issuer, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation;  
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts in respect of interest only as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable:  
(a) 
with respect to any Notes for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable 
rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time (Decree No. 239) and in all circumstances in 
which the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions 
of omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(b) 
with respect to any Note presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Note; or  
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note by making, or procuring, a declaration or any 
other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a 
declaration of residence or non-residence, but has failed to do so; or

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.3 (Payment Day)); or 
(v) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; 
(vi) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements (except where such 
requirements have not been met due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer 
or its agent); or 
(c) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy (Italy) or any political subdivision of any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes; and  
(ii) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
With respect to any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Note or Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, if the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined 
in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (the Event of Default), then any holder of a Senior 
Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note, Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Notes may, by 
written notice to the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Paying Agent, declare any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior 
Note, Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, 
together with accrued interest (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the extent that such 
interest is not cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under these Notes, or the taking 
of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the Issuer in 
accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) 
or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an 
Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
11. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer will act as initial paying agent for the Notes and the name of the Issuer will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent. 
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent and appoint an additional or other 
Paying Agent, in each case under the terms of an agency agreement in a customary form, 
provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent. 
12. 
NOTICES 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be 
deemed to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli, and if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Paying Agent. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
The provisions for the meetings of Noteholders (including by way of conference call or by use 
of videoconference platform) attached as Annex 1 (Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders) 
to these Conditions (the Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders) contains provisions for 
convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes or these 
Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or these Conditions 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes (in case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, except as provided by these Conditions), or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or amending in certain respects), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they 
voted on the resolution. 
The Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders provide that a resolution in writing signed by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may 
be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders to: 
(i) 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of, any of the provisions of the Notes that is in the sole opinion of the Issuer not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest 
error including without limitation where required in order to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions (and any agency agreement entered 
into by the Issuer to appojnt a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 11 (Agents), 
as applicable) to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) shall not require the consent 
of the Noteholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent 
Authority. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, (ii) any Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a 
Regulatory Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final 
Terms, (iii) any Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes, if at any time a Capital Event occurs and if 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, (iv) all Notes, if at any 
time a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs and if Variation is specified as being applicable 
in the form of Final Terms, or (v) all Notes, if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required 
to be given to, and receiving consent required from the Competent Authority and/or as 
appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
nor more than 60 days' notice to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes 
of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the Form of Final Terms), at 
any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, shall not, immediately following such variation, be 
subject to a Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event and/or a Tax 
Event, as applicable.  
In these Conditions: 
Alignment Event will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment 
to the Regulatory Capital Requirements or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would be able to issue a capital instrument qualifying (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital or (iii) in case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, as Additional Tier 1 Capital, which, in each case, contains one or more 
provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect 
from those contained in these Conditions. 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s 
and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have 
a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the 
Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior 
Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the Banca Mediolanum 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the 
event the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements 
of the Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 Capital, (B) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; 
(E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating 
immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior 
to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms such that they comply 
with the then-current minimum requirements under the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for inclusion in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group (as 
applicable); (B) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have at 
least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to 
time applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest (which 
has not been cancelled) in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation (but subject always to the 
right or obligation of the Issuer subsequently to cancel any such accrued interest in 
accordance with the terms of the Notes); and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes by credit agencies solicited by the 
Issuer immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Additional Tier 1 Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Provision for the Meetings of Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Provisions for the meetings of Noteholders 
include such provisions as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 13 is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 7.15 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) and Condition 7.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes). 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any of the above are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian 
law.  
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders in relation to any Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Milan 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
15.3 
Other documents  
The Issuer has submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
16. 
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
in the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including 
by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the 
rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, 
the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the 
principal amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Competent Authority is separate and distinct 
from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event although these events may occur 
consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer 
to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor 
the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 16. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the Terms and Conditions shall 
continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable 
with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR THE MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Blocked Notes means the Notes which have been blocked in an account with the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting for 
the purpose of obtaining from the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder a Voting Certificate 
on the terms that any such Notes will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder of the relevant Voting 
Certificate; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance 
with paragraph 6 (Chairman); 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with this Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders by the majority specified under 
paragraph 7 (Quorum); 
Meeting means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
Proxy means, in relation to any Meeting, the certificate issued by the Noteholder (through the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder), delivered to the Issuer, which authorises a designated 
duly authorised physical person to vote on its behalf in respect of the relevant Blocked Notes; 
certifying that the votes attributable to such Blocked Notes are to be cast in a particular way on 
each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked. So long as a Proxy is 
valid, the named therein as Proxy Holder, shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to 
which such Proxy refers for all purposes in connection with the Meeting; 
Proxy Holder means, in relation to a Meeting, an individual who has the right to vote in relation 
to a Blocked Note pursuant to a Proxy, in any case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder, the Paying Agent or the Chairman has been notified in 
writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Relevant Fraction means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing the majority of the 
Noteholders attending at the relevant meeting whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented;

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter, is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting such meeting one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
Reserved Matter means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition; 
Voter means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by any Noteholder 
and issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joined Regulation in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder; and 
(b) 
the number of the Blocked Notes; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote, also by way of Proxy, 
at the Meeting in respect of the Blocked Notes; 
So long as a Voting Certificate is valid, the bearer thereof or the named therein as holder of the 
Blocked Notes shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting 
Certificate refers for all purposes in connection with the Meeting; 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Provisions for the

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places 
where the Paying Agent(s) have their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose the day 
upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to 
the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of 
a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
48 hours means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
2. 
DEPOSIT OF VOTING CERTIFICATES 
In order to be admitted to participate in a Meeting, Noteholders must deposit their Voting 
Certificates with the Paying Agent not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a 
Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the 
Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeding to discuss the items on the agenda. 
A Proxy shall be valid only if it is deposited, along with the related Voting Certificate(s) at the 
office of the Paying Agent, or at any other place approved by the Paying Agent, not later than 
48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a Proxy is not deposited before such deadline, it shall 
not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeding to discuss 
the items on the agenda. 
References to the blocking or release of the Notes shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of the clearing system. 
3. 
VALIDITY OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND PROXIES 
The Voting Certificates and Proxies shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes to 
which they relate.  
4. 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 (ten) per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. 
5. 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice 
shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be 
deposited withthe relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the purposes of obtaining the 
Voting Certificates from such relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or appointing Proxies not 
later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting.  
6. 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
one of themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the 
original Meeting. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be one or more Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes.  
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(e) 
the Paying Agent; and 
(f) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
12. 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be considered as a resolution and decided in the 
first instance by a show of hands. Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that 
the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been 
passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be 
conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
13. 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the Chairman 
directs. 
14. 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by it by the lowest 
denomination of the Notes. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Proxy or a Voting Certificate state otherwise, a Voter shall not be 
obliged to exercise all the votes to which it is entitled or to cast all the votes which it exercises 
in the same way. 
15. 
VOTING BY PROXY OR VOTING CERTIFICATE 
Revocation of the appointment under a Proxy or a Voting Certificate shall be valid only if the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the Paying Agent or the Chairman is notified in writing of such 
revocation not later than 24 hours prior to the time set for the Meeting. Unless revoked, the 
appointment to vote contained in a Proxy or a Voting Certificate for a Meeting shall remain 
valid also in relation to a Meeting resumed following an adjournment, unless such Meeting was 
adjourned pursuant to Article 9 above. If a Meeting is adjourned pursuant to paragraph 8 
(Adjournment for Want of Quorum) above, each person appointed to vote in such Meeting shall 
have to be appointed again by virtue of another Proxy or Voting Certificate. 
The Proxy shall be signed by the person granting the Proxy, shall not be granted in blank, and 
shall bear the date, the name of the person appointed to vote, and the related Proxies. If, in 
relation to any given resolution, there is no indication of how the right to vote is to be exercised, 
then such vote shall be deemed to be an abstention from voting on such proposed resolution.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
16. 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to 
any other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
17. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at 
such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice 
of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and 
the Paying Agent within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
18. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened 
and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and 
transacted. 
19. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Banca Mediolanum Group; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets 
and/or Eligible Sustainable Assets (each as defined below). 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects 
(above mentioned at (b) above) will be denominated Green Bonds.   
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Assets (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated 
Social Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only 
Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Assets (above mentioned at (b) above) 
will be denominated Sustainability Bonds. 
In relation to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets the 
Issuer 
will 
make 
available 
under 
section 
“EMTN 
Programme” 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/fixed-income): 
(i) 
a green, social and sustainability bond framework dated July 2022 (the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework), as amended and supplement from time to time, which sets 
out the categories of Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable 
Assets which have been identified by the Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within the 
context of climate change mitigation, energy savings and GHG emissions reduction; 
(ii) 
a second party opinion issued by ISS ESG on 29 July 2022, assessing the alignment of the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework with the GBP, SBP and/or SBG (the Second 
Party Opinion); and 
(iii) 
any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework or Second 
Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
According to the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer commits to reach full 
allocation within three years following the issue of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds, and to monitor and track the net proceeds through its internal accounting system. Pending the 
allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds to Eligible Assets, the Issuer will 
invest the balance of the net proceeds – at its own discretion and in compliance with its liquidity policy 
as well as the exclusion criteria reported in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework – in 
cash or other liquid marketable instruments.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
The Issuer will publish, on an annual basis and until full allocation, (i) the allocation report of the 
proceeds raised through the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework along with (ii) an impact report of the assets financed by 
those Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. The Issuer will keep its reports readily 
available for investors on its website https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors.  
No assurance, representation or warranty is given by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) (including the Second Party Opinion) which may be made available in connection with 
the issue of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification (including the Second Party 
Opinion) is only current as of the date it was issued and the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not currently subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither any such opinion, report or certification (including the Second Party Opinion) nor the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion, report or certification (including the Second 
Party Opinion) nor the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Arranger or the Dealers, or any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies), to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds 
and would only be current as of the date it is released. Prospective investors in any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed “In respect of any 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’ or ‘Social Bond’ or ‘Sustainability 
Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria 
of an investor”. 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement. 
Definitions: 
Eligible Green Assets means any new and/or existing loans, projects and investments belonging to the 
following categories:  
(i) 
green buildings;  
(ii) 
clean transportation; and 
(iii) 
energy efficiency, 
provided in each case that, such eligibility will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for Green Assets as set out in the GBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Social Assets means any new and/or existing loans, projects and investments belonging to the 
following categories:  
(i) 
employment generation (SME financing);  
(ii) 
support to the third sector (terzo settore); and  
(iii) 
affordable housing.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
provided in each case that, such eligibility will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for Social Assets as set out in the SBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Sustainable Assets will be defined as a combination of both Eligible Green Assets and Eligible 
Social Assets as set out in the SBG or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is the parent company (Parent Company) of the Banca Mediolanum banking group 
(“Gruppo Mediolanum (Conglomerato Finanziario)”) (the Group or Banca Mediolanum Group) and 
has been carrying out its activities in the banking sector and in the intermediary and placement of 
financial and insurance products for a number of years, on behalf of the companies in the group, as well 
as other entities that entrust the bank with the placement of their mutual funds or structured products. 
This activity is mainly carried out by the Issuer through an extensive network of financial advisors 
licensed to provide their service on a “door-to-door selling” (offerta fuori sede) basis, which are linked 
to the Issuer by an agency contract, distributed throughout the whole Italian territory (hereinafter, 
Family Bankers).13 Within the Group, the Issuer, which is an operating Parent Company performing 
guidance, governance and control functions for the Group, exercises its steering and direction role on 
the subsidiaries. 
With respect to the insurance group, which is part of the Group, the direction and coordination activities 
carried out by the parent company Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., must integrate and find the appropriate 
synergies with the requirements of direction and coordination dictated by the existence of the financial 
conglomerate.   
The Group’s net new money (NNM) flows should remain strong and above industry average in 2024, 
because its clients can usually better withstand some erosion of real income and, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Group holds a share of 2.90% in the Italian market, which is determined on the 
basis of the Group’s holdings of total financial assets in Italy. Such data is calculated on the basis of an 
estimate that includes the financial assets of Italian consumer and producer households. In particular, 
the portfolio held by the Group includes deposits, administered investments, managed products, 
insurance and pension products.  
Company name 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is “BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A.”, the commercial name 
in short “Mediolanum”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81. 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is registered with the Companies Register of Milan – Monza – Brianza – Lodi, Italy, at No. 
02124090164. The Issuer is also on the Register of Banking Groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) held by 
the Bank of Italy at No. 03062. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated as a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) by deed of Paolo Marinelli, 
Notary public, registered in Bergamo on 22 November 1991 with the registry office (ufficio del registro) 
No. 6064. 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 5 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 
2100 and may be extended.  
 
13  For sake of clarity, “Family Bankers” is a registered trademark which distinguish the financial consultants affiliated to the Mediolanum’s 
network.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office 
Banca Mediolanum is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated in Milan, Italy and 
operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer’s registered office is Palazzo Meucci, Via Ennio 
Doris, 
20079 
Basiglio 
Milano 
3, 
Italy, 
phone 
+39 
02 
9049.1, 
website 
address: 
www.bancamediolanum.it. 
Certified 
electronic 
email 
(posta 
elettronica 
certificata): 
bancamediolanum@pec.mediolanum.it. 
History and evolution of the Group 
In February 1982, Ennio Doris, in equal partnership with the group headed by Fininvest S.p.A., 
establishes Programma Italia S.p.A., with the strategic objective of creating a network of “global 
consultants” through which to offer services and products capable of satisfying not only the needs and 
requirements in the area of investments, but also in the areas of retirement savings, life insurance as 
well as personal protection and one’s assets. Therefore, in 1984 Programma Italia and Fininvest Italia 
S.p.A. acquired the entire corporate capital of the two insurance companies Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
and Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
In 1993, the Fininvest group with the Doris family reached an agreement to jointly control the entire 
group of companies consisting of three mutual fund management companies, three securities brokerage 
companies, one static trust company, one stock exchange commission agent, and three service 
companies. 
In 1995, after more than a decade of development, the corporate structure is reorganised and simplified: 
all companies except Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. (which remains owned by the two majority 
shareholders) are contributed to a holding company owned equally by the two shareholders Ennio Doris 
and Fininvest S.p.A. Thus, the Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. is created, being the parent company of 
what will become the Group. 
On 3 June 1996, following a public offering for sale and subscription (OPVS), the Issuer’s shares have 
listed on the electronic stock market (MTA).  
In 1997, Programma Italia Investimenti Sim p.a. was transformed into Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. with 
a multi-channel operating model of direct access through a customer service via telephone, a new 
system of consulting banking data through the Teletext service, and of course the “human channel” 
consisting of the so called “global advisors” (i.e. advisors able to respond to all investment, savings, 
insurance and pension needs of clients, as mentioned above) aimed at following the customers’ choices 
and needs. 
Since 1998, Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. has been included in the index representing the leading 
companies of the Italian Stock Exchange (initially the MIB30 index, now the FTSE MIB).  
In 2000, the process of expansion abroad is initiated by the Group with the acquisition in Spain of the 
Fibanc Banking Group and Banco Mediolanum S.A. (formerly Banco de Finanzas e Inversiones S.A.) 
and thus begins operations in the Spanish market, with the aim of replicating the Italian business model. 
In 2005, Fondazione Mediolanum was established, committed, in particular, to supporting projects for 
children in distress. 
In 2006, as an evolution of the aforementioned global advisor, the figure of the Family Banker was 
born, which became the hallmark of the Issuer’s sales network and a point of reference for its customers.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
On 30 June 2008, after an experience in the Spanish subsidiary Fibanc S.A., as managing director as 
well as general manager, Mr. Massimo Antonio Doris becomes managing director and general manager 
of the Issuer. The latter position, in 2014, was taken over by Mr. Gianluca Bosisio. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the position of general manager of Banca Mediolanum is held by Mr. Igor Garzesi. 
In 2013, Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. was acquired, which, after a long and profound restructuring 
of its product portfolio and business model, now exclusively oriented to distribution through the Issuer, 
joined the Group. At the same time, the Issuer also decided to enter the open architecture by offering 
mutual funds from renowned investment houses.  
Furthermore, in 2013, the recognition of the prevalence of banking over insurance activities, found by 
supervisors for two consecutive years, leads the Group to be considered a financial conglomerate with 
a banking predominance. The role of primary supervisor passes to the Bank of Italy. 
In 2014, Mediolanum S.p.A. becomes the parent company of the banking group formerly headed by 
Banca Mediolanum. 
In 2015, the merger by acquisition of Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. into Banca Mediolanum is 
implemented.  
Starting from 30 December 2015, Banca Mediolanum is the Parent Company of the Group and of the 
Mediolanum’s financial conglomerate to which belongs the Mediolanum Insurance Group, which 
consists of Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (as parent company), Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. and 
Mediolanum International Life DAC and is, therefore, also subject to a system of supplementary 
supervision that introduces prudential discipline for the conglomerates themselves. 
In 2017, following authorization issued by the Bank of Italy, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 
Prexta S.p.A. (formerly EuroCQS), a company operating in the microcredit sector and, in particular, in 
the salary-backed loan (cessione del quinto). 
In 2018, the Investment Banking department is created in order to contribute to the development of 
Italian small and medium-sized enterprises and to support business clients on all extraordinary finance 
matters relating to enterprises. 
On 1 April 2019, the merger of Mediolanum Asset Management with Mediolanum International Funds 
becomes effective.  
On 19 July 2019, the new company, Flowe S.p.A. – SB, is incorporated. This company, being an 
“Istituto di Moneta Elettronica – IMEL”, is active in payment services and is wholly owned by Banca 
Mediolanum. 
Starting from 13 October 2021, the European Central Bank (ECB) confirmed the decision to classify 
Banca Mediolanum as a significant supervised entity at the maximum level of consolidation.  
On 1 January 2022, the ECB, as the competent authority, directly supervises the Issuer as well as its 
subsidiary Banco Mediolanum S.A. (Spain), while the competent Italian national authorities - being, 
for sake of clarity, the “Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa” (CONSOB), the “Istituto 
per la vigilanza sulle assicurazioni” (IVASS), “Commissione di vigilanza sui fondi pensione” (COVIP) 
and the Bank of Italy - continue to supervise the remaining Group companies outside the scope of the 
ECB-supervised Group.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
A brief description of the Issuer’s distribution model and principal activities and principal 
categories of products sold and/or services provided 
The Issuer’s distribution model is able to fulfill clients’ financial needs with full-integrated approach, 
as it combines the holistic advisory model (which involves the Family Bankers) with a technological 
multi-channel platform.  
This model offers in a simple and easily accessible way products and services that meet the needs of 
private individuals and families, who are the main target of the Issuer’s services. Due to its numerous 
communication channels, the client is put in the position to choose how to access the Issuer’s services, 
deciding the timing and mode of relationship that he or she prefers from time to time. 
Through its 4,616 Family Bankers, who are enrolled in the single register of financial advisors (albo 
unico dei consulenti finanziari) and based across 495 administrative offices and two branches as at 31 
March 2024, the Issuer offers its customers assistance in asset management and investment advice in 
Italy, combined with the wide range of banking, financial and insurance services offered, such as 
mortgages and loans, life and non-life insurance, insurance investment products and pension plans and 
banking services in general.  
In addition, the Issuer’s multichannel model, with no physical branches, provides its customers with a 
state-of-the-art home banking site and mobile app, as well as a “banking center” with more than 470 
banking specialists who provide telephone assistance and operational support. 
A network of more than 16,000 affiliated branches (from Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Poste Italiane 
S.p.A.) is also made available to customers to withdraw or deposit cash and checks throughout Italy. 
Furthermore, a network of affiliated tobacco shops, bar and newsstands (Mooney S.p.A. sales points) 
has recently been made available to customers to withdraw or deposit cash. 
The multichannel model is vertically integrated, so the Issuer mainly distributes products created by 
other companies belonging to the Group, and to a lesser extent third party products, in particular: 
− 
banking products such as current accounts, deposit accounts, mortgages, personal loans, 
including consumer credit, payment instruments (credit and debit cards) offered by the Issuer;  
− 
insurance products such as protection policies, operating both in the non-life classes (such as 
health and disability and property and casualty), issued by Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A., 
and in the life classes (i.e. term-life) issued by Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., all distributed by Banca 
Mediolanum S.p.A; 
− 
collective savings investment undertakings, insurance investment products and forms of 
supplementary pension schemes (mutual funds under Italian and foreign law, unit-linked 
policies, individual pension plans, open pension funds and other investment instruments), are 
created by Mediolanum Gestione Fondi SGR p.A, Mediolanum International Funds Ltd., 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. and Mediolanum International Life DAC., Mediolanum Gestion 
S.G.I.I.C. S.A. and Mediolanum Pensiones S.G.F.P. S.A. and distributed by Banca 
Mediolanum S.p.A. in Italy and Banco Mediolanum S.A. in Spain; 
− 
Banca Mediolanum has also promoted a fully digital “Selfy” offering (i.e. current accounts, 
protection policies and other products, which are placed primarily through the Mediolanum 
web-app made available to each customers, who can sign up for using the relevant service with 
full independence);  
− 
other services, such as online trading and portfolio management service; and

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
− 
among the products placed by the Issuer on behalf of third party companies, insurance and 
investment products, including structured products. 
A brief description of the Issuer’s private banking services 
Wealth management 
The Issuer offers both wealth management and wealth solution services to private individuals, 
businesses and institutional investors. In particular: 
− 
wealth management includes investment advice and solutions, asset protection and 
inheritance, as well as art advisor service through third-party partners; and  
− 
wealth solutions refers to the services of advanced portfolio advisory with qualified and 
specialised experts from the asset management team, analysis of real estate and corporate 
assets, inheritance and succession planning. 
Investment banking  
With its Investment Banking service, the Issuer offers in favour of corporate clients a range of services 
in the following macro-areas: Equity Capital Markets, Mergers & Acquisitions and Debt Capital 
Markets. 
Fiduciary services 
The Issuer, through Mediolanum Fiduciaria S.p.A., offers trust administration, account aggregation, 
administration of participations held in unlisted companies within the regulated markets as well as the 
escrow agreement services. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Brief description of the Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer’s position within the 
Group  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the companies listed below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below is based on the consolidated 
annual report on the Issuer’s operations attached to the unaudited consolidated financial statements at 
31 March 2024. 
Parent company: 
− 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Companies belonging to the Group: 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. —  Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum International Life Designated Activity Company — Dublin, Ireland.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Comunicazione S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Gestione Fondi SGR p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum International Funds Ltd – Dublin, Ireland. 
The corporate capital of Mediolanum International Funds Ltd is held by the Issuer for 
95.46% and by Banco Mediolanum S.A. for 4.54%. 
− 
Mediolanum Fiduciaria S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Prexta S.p.A.– Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Flowe S.p.A. S.B. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
August Lenz & Co. – Munchen, Germany (in liquidation). 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
PI Servizi S.p.A. — Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Banco Mediolanum S.A., — Valencia, Spain. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Fibanc S.A. – Barcelona, Spain.  
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. the entire corporate 
capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Pensiones S.A. S.G.F.P. — Barcelona, Spain. 
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. 99.999% of the corporate 
capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Gestion S.G.I.I.C. S.A. — Barcelona, Spain. 
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. 99.999% of the corporate 
capital.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Disclosure in respect of business segments  
This section presents the consolidated segment results which, pursuant to IFRS 8, were prepared using 
a format that reflects the management system of the Group (the “management reporting approach”), in 
accordance with all the information provided to the market and to the various stakeholders.  
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 
and the following segments are identified: 
− 
Italy, Banking; 
− 
Italy, Asset Management;  
− 
Italy, Insurance; 
− 
Spain; and 
− 
Germany. 
As of the date hereof, the Group has a total of 495 financial consultants’ offices in Italy. 
In Italy, the Issuer operates through the Issuer’s distribution network. 
The principal territories where the Issuer operates are Lombardy, Sicily, Tuscany, Piedmont, Triveneto 
(West part), Liguria and Umbria, as well as online internet banking within the same territories.  
Distribution of the offices of the financial consultants of the Issuer as of the date hereof: 
 
Region / Territory 
Offices  
Triveneto (West part) 
68 
Lombardy 
57 
Sicily 
54 
Piedmont – Liguria – Valle d’Aosta  
46 
Tuscany – Umbria  
47 
Triveneto (East part) 
44 
Marche – Abruzzo – Molise 
38 
Lazio  
32

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Region / Territory 
Offices  
Emilia (West part) 
32 
Romagna 
29 
Apulia – Calabria 
24 
Campania – Basilicata  
19 
Sardinia 
5 
Total offices  
495 
Family Bankers 
The Group has an extensive and widespread network of Family Bankers - comprising a total of 6,233 
members (of which there are 4,616 in Italy and 1,617 in Spain), as of 31 March 2024, who play an 
essential role within the functioning of the Issuer’s “multichannel model”.  
Brief description of the Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
The financial conglomerate is composed by product and distribution companies that provide financial 
consulting services. As of 31 March 2024, the structure of the Group comprises the companies listed in 
the structure chart below.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
GROUP 
  
 
INSURANCE GROUP  
MEDIOLANUM 
COMUNICAZIONE S.P.A.  
PI SERVIZI  
S.P.A. 
FIBANC S.A. 
(Spanish Company) 
BANCO MEDIOLANUM S.A. 
 (Spanish Company) 
AUGUST LENZ & CO AG 
(German Company - 
Formerly Bankhaus August 
Lenz & co.) (*)
MEDIOLANUM 
INTERNATIONAL FUNDS 
LTD  
(Irish Company)
MEDIOLANUM   
GESTIONE FONDI  
SGR P.A. 
MEDIOLANUM FIDUCIARIA 
S.P.A. 
PREXTA S.P.A.  
MEDIOLANUM PENSIONES, 
S.A., S.G.F.P. 
 (Spanish Company)         
MEDIOLANUM GESTIÓN 
 S.G.I.I.C., S.A. 
(Spanish Company) 
MEDIOLANUM 
INTERNATIONAL LIFE 
Designated Activity 
Company 
(Irish Company)  
MEDIOLANUM VITA 
S.P.A.  
MEDIOLANUM 
ASSICURAZIONI S.P.A. 
100
100
100
% 
100
100% 
95,46% 
100
100
4,54% 
100
100% 
99,999
99,999% 
BANKING GROUP 
Parent Company 
MEDIOLANUM FINANCIAL CONGLOMERATE – COMPANY STRUCTURE AS AT 31/03/2024 
FLOWE S.P.A. – SOCIETÀ 
BENEFIT 
100
100
(*) The August Lenz & CO AG company – in liquidation is no longer part of the Mediolanum Banking Group as of 7 November 2022. 
ECB acknowledged the exit from the Banking Group by decision of 16 February 2023. 
100% 
C 
C 
C

--- Page 185 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
185 
 
2. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY 
BODIES  
The Issuer has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of (i) a Board of Directors comprising 
13 Directors, and (ii) a Board of Statutory Auditors comprising three statutory Auditors and three 
alternate Auditors, both appointed by the shareholders’ meeting. 
The Board of Directors has established among its members the “Related Parties Committee” (Comitato 
Parti Correlate), the “Remuneration Committee” (Comitato Remunerazioni), the “Risk Committee” 
(Comitato Rischi) and the “Appointments and Governance Committee” (Comitato Nomine e 
Governance). 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer, which has been appointed during the shareholders’ meeting on 18 
April 2024, is the body entrusted with the strategic supervisory function. It is granted the broadest 
powers for the management of the Issuer and for the definition of the Issuer’s guidelines for the internal 
control system and to check the consistency with the strategic targets and the defined risk appetite. 
In compliance with shareholders’ resolution, the mandate of the Board of Directors is for three 
exercises, meaning that it will remain in office until approval of the Issuer’s 2026 annual financial 
statement. 
Composition 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN 
THE ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Giovanni Pirovano   
Chairperson  
Non-executive 
Director 
− 
August 
Lenz 
& 
Co. 
AG 
(Germany)  (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors); 
− 
Fondazione Mediolanum EF (Director); 
− 
ABI – Associazione Bancaria Italiana 
(Director (member of the “Comitato 
esecutivo e presidenza”)); 
− 
PRI.BANKS – Associazione Banche 
Private (Deputy Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors);   
− 
FITD (“Fondo Interbancario Tutela 
Depositi”) (Director) and 
− 
Università 
Cattolica 
del 
Sacro 
Cuore/Istituto Toniolo (Director)

--- Page 186 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
186 
 
Annalisa Sara Doris  
Deputy Chairperson  
Non-executive 
Director 
− 
Fondazione Mediolanum EF (Executive 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
and 
− 
Fondazione 
Ennio 
Doris 
ETS 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
and 
− 
Banco 
Mediolanum 
S.A. 
(Deputy 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors) 
Massimo 
Antonio 
Doris  
Chief 
Executive 
Officer  
− 
Snow Peak S.r.l. (Sole Shareholder and  
Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
and 
− 
Assoreti (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors). 
Francesco 
Maria 
Frasca  
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code14  
N/A 
Anna Gervasoni  
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
LU.VE S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
SOL S.p.A. (Director); and 
− 
AIFI Ricerca e Formazione S.r.l. 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors). 
Patrizia 
Michela 
Giangualano 
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Saipem S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Ferragamo S.p.A. (Director); and 
− 
Epta S.p.A. (Director). 
Paolo 
Gibello 
Ribatto  
Non-executive 
Director 
− 
La Collina dei Ciliegi Invest S.p.A. 
(Director); 
 
14 For the purposes of this section “Corporate Governance Code” means the corporate governance code drawn up by the Corporate 
Governance Committee of listed companies promoted by Borsa Italiana in July 2018.

--- Page 187 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
187 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
ARGIS (Member of the Scientific 
Committee);  
− 
AICEO (Deputy Chairperson); and 
− 
Associazione 
Bambini 
Cardiopatici 
onlus (Director). 
Giovanni Lo Storto  
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Università LUISS Guido Carli (General 
Officer); 
− 
Pirelli 
& 
C. 
S.p.A. 
(Independent 
Director); 
− 
Gruppo Tecnico Cultura di Confindustria 
(Director); and 
− 
Fondazione Mediterraneo (Director). 
Roberta Pierantoni  
Non-executive  
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Lu-Ve S.p.A. (Non-executive Director);  
− 
Interpump Group S.p.A. (Independent 
Director);   
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. – (Independent 
Director); and 
− 
Mediolanum 
Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
(Independent Director). 
Giovanna 
Luisa 
Maria Radaelli  
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Independent 
Director);  
− 
Mediolanum 
Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
(Independent Director); and 
− 
Fondo Pensione Dirigenti Groupama 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. (General Officer). 
Francesca Reich 
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Tinexta S.p.A. (Director). 
Giacinto 
Gaetano 
Sarubbi 
Non-executive 
Director 
− 
LIDL ITALIA S.r.l. (Statutory Auditor); 
and

--- Page 188 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
188 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
LIDL SERVIZI IMMOBILIARI S.r.l. 
(Statutory Auditor). 
Carlo Vivaldi 
Non-executive 
Director 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Rossor S.r.l. (Founder and CEO) 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors holds the supervisory function and oversees, inter alia, the functioning 
of the internal control system, the compliance with legal, regulatory and statutory provisions and the 
adequacy of the organisational, administrative and accounting structure. It also represents the 
supervisory body pursuant to the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. 
Each component of the Board of Statutory Auditors will remain in office for three exercises, and anyway 
until the meeting for the approval of the financial statement of the third exercise. For the sake of clarity, 
each component can be re-elected. 
Composition 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN THE 
ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Francesco 
Schiavone Panni 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors 
− 
Naviris S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
− 
Telecom Italia S.p.A (Statutory 
Auditor); 
− 
Tim Sparkle S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors); and 
− 
Edilabor S.r.l. (Sole Liquidator). 
Teresa Naddeo  
Statutory Auditor 
− 
Webuild 
S.p.A. 
(Independent 
Director); 
− 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. (Statutory 
Auditor);

--- Page 189 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
189 
 
− 
Mediolanum 
Vita 
S.p.A. 
(Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); and 
− 
Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A 
(Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors). 
Gian Piero Sala 
Statutory Auditor 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Statutory 
Auditor); 
− 
PREXTA S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors); 
− 
MEDIOLANUM 
FIDUCIARIA 
S.P.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors);  
− 
FINPROG 
ITALIA 
S.p.A. 
(Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
IMMOBILIARE DELLA FIERA 
S.p.A. (Statutory Auditor);  
− 
Forte Investment S.p.A. (Statutory 
Auditor); 
− 
Fondazione Ennio Doris ETS (Sole 
Auditor); and 
− 
Vincenzo 
Balzani 
ETS 
(Sole 
Auditor).  
Claudia 
Mezzabotta 
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
Monica Petrella 
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
Stefano Santucci  
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors meet the integrity and 
professional requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management  
 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN THE 
ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES

--- Page 190 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
190 
 
Igor Garzesi 
General Manager 
− 
Banco Mediolanum S.A. (Director). 
Angelo Lietti 
CFO 
and 
Manager 
responsible for corporate 
financial reporting  
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Mediolanum 
Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
(Director); and 
− 
PREXTA S.p.A. (Director). 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors and 
General Management is Banca Mediolanum S.p.A., Palazzo Meucci – Via Ennio Doris – 20079 
Basiglio, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Issuer’s knowledge – including upon examination as 
required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted into Law No. 214 
of 22 December 2011 – no member of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Board of Directors or the 
general management of the Issuer is subject to potential or actual conflicts of interest between their 
obligations arising out of their office or employment with the Issuer or the Group and any duties to the 
Issuer and their private interest and any of their other duties which may prejudice the autonomy and 
independence of such subjects, except for those that may concern transactions put before the competent 
bodies of the Issuer and/or entities belonging to the Group, such transactions having been undertaken 
in compliance with the relevant regulations in force.  
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Issuer are required to 
implement the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a specific interest 
concerning the implementation of a transaction: 
− 
Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the 
supervisory regulations relating to transactions with related parties; 
− 
Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act which requires 
the adoption of a particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, 
assumes obligations towards the bank in which such officer has an administrative, management 
or control function; 
− 
Article 2391 (Directors’ interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and 
− 
Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the CONSOB. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the above-mentioned provisions. 
3. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As of 31 March 2024, according to the public information currently available to the Issuer, the following 
entities hold directly or indirectly stakes higher than 5% in the capital of the Issuer:

--- Page 191 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
191 
 
− 
Mrs. Lina Tombolato, Mr. Massimo Antonio Doris and Mrs. Annalisa Sara Doris (collectively, 
the Doris Family) 40.225%;15 and 
− 
Finanziaria d’Investimento Fininvest S.p.A. 30.040%. 
A percentage of shares equal to 29.335% (free float) is held by other shareholders.  
No arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the 
Issuer, are known to the same Issuer. 
4. 
ASSET QUALITY  
As at 31 December 2023, the Group has a credit book with total stock of Euro 17.03 billion, largely (ca 
70%) represented by mortgages. This result poses in line with the positive trend of growth reached in 
years 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 (with a total stock of Euro 10.4, 12.1, 14.4 and 16.4 billion, 
respectively). It is also brought out that the Group’s lending activity is purely aimed at retail clients. 
The quality of assets is extremely high, since the Group connotes itself as “best in class” in the credit 
scene, with very low non-performing exposures (NPE) and cost of risk values (1.45% gross value, 
0.79% net value, 0.19% as at 31 December 2023 and 0.19% as at 31 March 2024, respectively).  
5. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
On 30 November 2023, the European Central Bank banking supervision department notified the 
minimum capitalization limits for the Group, as a result of the periodic prudential review and 
assessment process (SREP) as of the year 2024. These requirements were defined as binding, starting 
from 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2024. 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. shall at all times meet, on a consolidated basis, a total SREP capital 
requirement (TSCR) of 9.50%. This includes the requirement to have additional own funds to address 
risks other than the risk of excessive leverage (hereinafter the Pillar 2 additional own funds 
requirement or P2R) of 1.50%, to be held in the form of 56.25% of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. These own funds requirements are based on Article 
16(2)(a) of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. 
Taking into consideration the findings of the assessment carried out by the ECB on the potential impact 
of adverse scenarios on the solvency position of Banca Mediolanum S.p.A., the ECB’s expectation is 
that Banca Mediolanum S.p.A adheres on a consolidated basis to the Pillar 2 capital guidance of 0.50%, 
which should be comprised entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and held over and above 
the overall capital requirement (OCR). 
Therefore, the overall SREP Capital Requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance is set at 12.50% of risk-
weighted assets, including the Capital Conservation Buffer, it should be noted Banca Mediolanum will 
consider any other buffers if applicable as defined under the Article 128 of CRD IV Directive. 
On a fully loaded basis as of 31 December 2023, Group’s capital ratio was Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
of 22.29%. It should also be noted that the Issuer is the parent company of the Group and the financial 
conglomerate (conglomerato finanziario), which also includes the subsidiaries Mediolanum Vita 
S.p.A., Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. and Mediolanum International Life DAC operating in the 
insurance sector. As of 31 December 2023, the capital adequacy of the Financial Conglomerate was 
determined in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements for bank-dominated financial 
conglomerates. Specifically, against the conglomerate’s capital needs of EUR 2,757 million, the 
 
15 The Doris family is bound by a shareholders agreement, which includes FINPROG ITALIA S.p.A. (a 26,21% shareholder of the Issuer) 
and Lina S.r.l. (a 3,162%), for a total of 40.225% of syndicated shares. FINPROG ITALIA is owned by the members of the Doris family 
but has no controlling entity.

--- Page 192 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
192 
 
financial conglomerate’s capital resources to cover the required margin amounted to EUR 3,471 million 
with a surplus of Euro 714 million. The requirement of the insurance sectors is relating to the previous 
quarterly report (30 September 2023) sent by the Gruppo Assicurativo Mediolanum to the supervisory 
authority. 
With reference to the insurance business of the Group, as of 31 December 2023, the solvency ratio (i.e. 
the ratio of the eligible amount of own funds to cover the solvency capital requirement) is equal to 
181.7%, with a solvency capital requirement of EUR 1,384 million and own funds equal to EUR 2,514 
million. 
In addition to the CRD IV Directive capital requirements, the BRRD (as defined below) introduced 
requirements for banks to have a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and liabilities (“Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” – “MREL”) at all times. The MREL requirement 
is equivalent to the amount of the Issuer’s own funds and eligible liabilities (passività ammissibili) 
necessary in order to absorb losses measured against total risk exposures and leverage exposure. The 
Issuer is required to meet the MREL requirements on a consolidated basis; these requirements bind the 
issuer’s liabilities and potentially also require the use of subordinated liabilities with an impact on costs 
and potentially on the Issuer’s funding capacity. Also within the comprehensive package of reforms, 
proposed by the European Commission, on 23 November 2016, to further strengthen the resilience of 
EU banks and investment firms (Banking Reform Package). Furthermore, the Directive 2019/879/EU 
(as amended, BRRD II), which amended the BRRD (as defined below), introduced, inter alia, 
significant changes to the rules regarding the calibration of the MREL requirement and the timing of its 
introduction.  
On 12 October 2023, the “Single Resolution Committee” (Comitato di Risoluzione Unico) has notified 
the decision on the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. As of 1 January 2024, 
the Group has to comply on a consolidated basis with an MREL-TREA requirement,16 of 18.26% of 
risk-weighted assets – 20.76%, including the “Combined Buffer Requirement (as defined under Article 
128 pt. 6 of CRD IV Directive) – and an MREL-LRE requirement17 of 5.20% of leverage exposure, on 
a consolidated basis.  
According to capital projections, Banca Mediolanum is compliant with the final MREL requirement 
(2024) mainly with CET1 capital. In particular, as of 31 December 2023, the MREL-TREA is equal to 
24.7% and the MREL-LRE is equal to 7.7%. As of 31 March 2024, the MREL-TREA is equal to 25.2% 
and the MREL-LRE is equal to 8.1%. 
6. 
BUFFERS 
The following table illustrates - with reference to the Issuer’s capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 and 
31 March 2024 - the buffer to the CET1 requirement and the total capital requirement, buffer to 
Contingency Event under the Notes as well as the buffer to trigger of restrictions by reference to 
Maximum Distributable Amount pursuant to Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive. 
31 March 2024 
31 December 2023 
Buffer to CET1 requirement 
 
 
- Group CET1 ratio vs CET1 requirement (phase-in) 
15.0% 
14.4% 
- Group CET1 ratio vs CET1 requirement (fully loaded) 
15.0% 
14.4% 
Buffer to total capital requirement 
 
 
 
16 Amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the bank’s total risk exposure. 
17 Amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the leverage ratio exposure (LRE).

--- Page 193 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
193 
 
- Group total capital ratio vs total capital requirement (phased 
in) 
10.9% 
10.3% 
- Group total capital ratio vs total capital requirement (fully 
loaded) 
10.9% 
10.3% 
Buffer to Contingency Event 
 
 
- Group CET1 ratio (phase-in) vs 5.125% trigger 
17.8% 
17.2% 
- Group CET1 ratio (fully loaded) vs 5.125% trigger 
17.8% 
17.2% 
Buffer to Maximum Distributable Amount trigger
according to Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive 
 
 
- Group CET1 ratio vs CET1 requirement (phase-in) 
15.0% 
14.4% 
- Group CET1 ratio vs CET1 requirement (fully loaded) 
15.0% 
14.4% 
*BUFFERS 
ARE 
CALCULATED 
TAKING 
INTO 
CONSIDERATION 
THE 
CAPITAL 
REQUIREMENTS FROM TIME TO TIME APPLICABLE AS SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT SREP 
NOTICE 
7. 
COURT AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer and the companies belonging to the Group are subject to a number of court proceedings 
related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set out below is a brief description of the legal 
proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies belonging to the Group which are 
considered the most important in the Issuer’s opinion. 
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer 
As of 31 December 2023, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the companies belonging 
to the Group are, in the Issuer’s opinion, to be considered ordinary in nature when taking into account 
the business operations involved, the size of the Group and the risks inherent in the provision of banking 
and investment services. In any case, there remains the risk that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may incur 
losses in connection with the proceedings currently pending, as described in further detail below.  
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as of 
31 December 2023 the Issuer has set aside a reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks related 
to lawsuits of Euro 13.4 million. 
Legal proceedings with the Tax Authorities 
On 24 April 2018, as a result of an inspection procedure, the Finance Police (Guardia di Finanza) of 
Milan had contested the Irish subsidiary Mediolanum International Funds Limited’s tax residence in 
Italy. Subsequently, the Internal Revenue Service (“Agenzia delle Entrate - Direzione Regionale per la 
Lombardia - Ufficio Grandi Contribuenti” (hereinafter, Internal Revenue Service), traced the original 
dispute back to an issue of correct determination of the fees agreed by the Issuer and the subsidiary 
Mediolanum Vita with Mediolanum International Funds Limited, for the marketing in Italy of mutual 
funds promoted by the Irish company.  
On 19 December 2018, a trilateral settlement agreement was reached for the years 2010 to 2013, which 
provided for the redetermination at the higher rate of 64.25%, instead of 57.43%, of the amount of 
management fees to be paid to Banca Mediolanum and Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., as well as the 
allocation to Banca Mediolanum of a percentage share, of the performance fees received by the Irish 
subsidiary.

--- Page 194 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
194 
 
Banca Mediolanum 
The Internal Revenue Service, with only one dispute concerning Mediolanum International Fund’s fund 
marketing activities, recalculated at 64.25% (instead of 57.43%) the retrocession of management fees, 
as well as attributed to the Issuer a percentage share of the performance fees received by the Irish 
subsidiary, issuing the following notices of assessment for IRES (corporate income tax) and IRAP 
(regional production tax) purposes. 
− 
Year 2014: on 19 December 2019, the Internal Revenue Service served notices of assessment 
contesting additional taxable income of which Euro 20.7 million from the recalculation from 
57.43% to 64.25% of the retrocession of management fees and Euro 32.4 million resulting from 
the allocation of 20.38% of performance fees. In total, higher taxes of Euro 17.6 million were 
assessed (including IRES of Euro 14.6 million and IRAP of Euro 3 million); 
− 
Year 2015: on 24 April 2020, the Internal Revenue Service served notices of assessment 
contesting higher taxable income of Euro 23.5 million from the recalculation of the retrocession 
of management fees, as well as Euro 70.3 million from the allocation of 23.83% of performance 
fees. In total, higher taxes of Euro 31.2 million were assessed (including IRES of Euro 26 
million and IRAP of Euro 5.2 million); 
− 
Year 2016: on 8 May 2020, assessment notices were served, determining additional taxable 
income of Euro 24.4 million due to the recalculation of the retrocession of management fees 
and Euro 46.2 million resulting from the allocation of 21.1% of performance fees to the Issuer. 
In total, higher taxes of Euro 23.3 million were assessed (including IRES of Euro 19.4 million 
and IRAP of Euro 3.9 million). 
In view of the estimative nature of the disputes and due to the diligent actions of the Issuer, which 
prepared the documentation required by transfer pricing regulations, the Internal Revenue Service did 
not impose administrative tax penalties, pursuant to article 1, paragraph six, of Legislative Decree No. 
471 of 18 December 1997. 
The Issuer has appealed the notices of assessment to the Provincial Tax Commission (Commissione 
Tributaria Provinciale) of Milan.  
The Issuer therefore continued to set aside annually for the higher taxes potentially due in respect of the 
recalculation of the retrocession of management fees at 64.25%, net of the corresponding recovery of 
the amount already paid to the Irish tax authorities in respect of such higher taxable income. No 
allocation has been made for the higher taxable income arising in connection with the Issuer’s 
performance fees, as there was confidence that, thanks also to the support of an authoritative tax 
advisory firm, this finding will not be upheld during the arbitration procedure, in line with market 
practice and evidence. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total provision is equal to Euro 45.6 million and the charge for the relevant 
period is equal to Euro 6.4 million. 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
The Internal Revenue Service, with a single dispute concerning Mediolanum International Fund’s fund 
marketing activities, recalculated the retrocession of management fees at 64.25% (instead of 57.43%), 
issuing the following notices of assessment for IRES and IRAP purposes: 
− 
year 2014: on 18 December 2019 notices of assessment were served, determined higher income 
of 10.4 million and related taxes totalling Euro 3.6 million;

--- Page 195 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
195 
 
− 
year 2015: on 5 May 2020 notices of assessment were served with higher income of 
approximately Euro 12.8 million and related taxes totalling Euro 4.4 million; 
− 
year 2016: on 8 May 2020 notices of assessment were served with corresponding higher income 
of Euro 12.9 million and related taxes totalling Euro 4.5 million.  
In view of the estimative nature of the disputes and due to the diligent actions of Mediolanum Vita 
S.p.A., which prepared the documentation required by transfer pricing regulations, the Internal Revenue 
Service did not impose administrative tax penalties, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph six, of Legislative 
Decree No. 471 of December 18, 1997. 
The company has appealed the notices of assessment to the Provincial Tax Commission (Commissione 
Tributaria Provinciale) of Milan.  
The Company sets aside year by year the higher taxes potentially due from the recalculation of the 
retrocession of management fees at 64.25 percent, net of the corresponding recovery of the amount 
already paid to the Irish tax authorities against this higher taxable income. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total provision is Euro 13.8 million and the charge for the period is Euro 
0.9 million. 
Arbitration proceedings  
Banca Mediolanum  
− 
Years 2010 - 2013: in June 2020, the Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) under Article 24 of 
the “Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income 
between Italy and Ireland was activated”, with the intention of obtaining from the Irish 
authorities a tax credit corresponding to the higher tax bases assessed in Italy; 
− 
Years 2014 - 2016: with regard to the notices of assessment for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016, 
in May 2020, applications were submitted for the initiation of the MAP provided for by the 
European Arbitration Convention No. 90/436/EC, which allows the matter to be referred to an 
arbitration judgment established between the Italian and Irish tax authorities; 
− 
Years 2019 - 2023: in August 2019, the Issuer applied for the initiation of a procedure involving 
the signing of a bilateral prior agreement between the Italian and Irish tax authorities pursuant 
to Art. 24(3) of the “Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes 
on Income between Italy and Ireland”, with the aim of jointly determining the amount of the 
retrocession of mutual fund management fees to be paid by the subsidiary Mediolanum 
International Funds to the Issuer for its placement activities in Italy (APA or Advanced Pricing 
Agreement for short). 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
− 
Years 2010 - 2013: in June 2020, the MAP under Article 24 of the “Convention for the 
Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income between Italy and Ireland” 
was activated, with the intention of obtaining from the Irish authorities a tax credit 
corresponding to the higher tax bases assessed in Italy; 
− 
Years 2014 - 2016: in May 2020, applications were submitted for the initiation of the MAP 
provided for by the European Arbitration Convention No. 90/436/EC, which allows the matter 
to be referred to an arbitration judgment established between the Italian and Irish tax authorities;

--- Page 196 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
196 
 
− 
Years 2019 - 2023: in December 2019, the Issuer applied for the initiation of a procedure 
involving the signing of a prior bilateral agreement between the Italian and Irish tax authorities, 
pursuant to Art. 24(3) of the “Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect 
to Taxes on Income between Italy and Ireland”, with the aim of jointly determining the amount 
of the retrocession of mutual fund management commissions to be paid by Mediolanum 
International Funds to Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. for the proposal of its UCITs combined with 
the latter’s insurance investment contracts in Italy (APA or Advanced Pricing Agreement for 
short). 
8. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Group companies have not implemented, signed 
and/or planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their typical 
activities that could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
9. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 2 August 2023, the Issuer announced the implementation of certain incentive plans. In particular, 
reference is made to the (i) tables No. 1 of Schedule 7 of Annex 3A of the Regulation No. 11971/1999, 
containing an update on the implementation status of the performance share plans adopted by the Issuer 
– and specifically, to the performance share plans in force on the date of the press release and referred 
to the financial years 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, and reserved to the so-called 
“top management” and to the employees belonging to the sales network of the Issuer and/or its 
subsidiaries, qualified as “relevant personnel” and “other personnel”; (ii) table No. 1 of Schedule 7 of 
Annex 3A of the Regulation No. 11971/1999, containing an update on the implementation status of the 
stock option plan called “2010 Employees’ Plan” reserved to the employees belonging to the sales 
network of the Issuer and of its subsidiaries. For further information regarding the aforementioned 
performance share and stock option plans, please consult the historical information provided in the 
information documents drafted pursuant to Article 84-bis of Regulation no. 11971/1999 and available 
on the Issuer’s website www.bancamediolanum.it (Section “Other corporate documents”). 
After the ECB authorization occurred on 20 December 2023, as of 18 April 2024 the shareholder’s 
meeting approved the buy back programme under articles 2357 and 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code 
and article 132 of the Financial Services Act for purchase of 8 million shares with a maximum amount 
of € 66,000,000. The target of the buy back is to satisfy the performance shares plans. The programme 
started on 10 May 2024 and will end on 20 December 2024. 
10. 
SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES  
Sustainability is an integral part of the Issuer’s values and culture, and is expressed in the way the Issuer 
does business, the attention the Group pays to its customers, the support it gives to its employees and 
Family Bankers, and the respect it gives to the environment, contributing to the community in which it 
operates and lives. Such four responsibilities also find manifestation in the so-called “matrice di 
materialità”, a tool that summarises the issues that are relevant to Banca Mediolanum for the realisation 
of sustainable business; these issues are dependent on engaging to those who lead the company and 
involving the Group’s stakeholders. 
From an organisational perspective, the Issuer adopted the following internal structure: 
• 
the Group Coordination and Strategic Development Committee in the ESG 
Configuration is a management committee that supports the Board of Directors in 
identifying potentially material ESG sustainability issues for the Group and in defining 
the related strategic guidelines and sustainability policies. It examines the NFS prior to 
its presentation to the Risk Committee and the Board of Directors and proposes the

--- Page 197 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
197 
 
implementation of significant ESG initiatives, as well as monitoring their 
implementation at Group level; 
• 
the Compliance Function oversees the management of non-compliance risks, in 
accordance with a risk-based approach, with regard to all company activity, excluding 
the regulatory areas delegated by law to the other Control Functions. In particular, the 
Compliance Function carries out both ex ante and ex post control activities in order to 
control the risk linked to ESG issues: climate risk, particularly with regard to areas that 
affect customers or potential customers; 
• 
the Anti-Money Laundering Function uses a risk-based approach to oversee money 
laundering risk and adapt processes based on changes in the regulatory and procedural 
environment. It continuously checks that company procedures are consistent with the 
objective of preventing and combating infringements of external regulatory provisions 
(laws and regulations) and internal regulations on combating money laundering and 
terrorist financing. In carrying out the aforementioned activities, the Function places 
particular emphasis on the social/ethical aspect of ESG issues (e.g. Responsibility to 
the Community – Combating money laundering); 
• 
the Risk Management Function is responsible for implementing government policies 
and the risk management system and collaborates in defining and implementing the 
Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), ensuring, in the exercise of the control function, an 
integrated vision of the various risks to the Company bodies, including climate and 
environmental risks (the detail of the activities of the Risk Management Function is 
described in paragraph 4.4, Risk Management); 
• 
the Internal Audit Function is intended, on the one hand, to control, in terms of third-
level controls, the regular performance of operations and the evolution of risks – 
including risks relating to ESG issues – and, on the other, to assess the completeness, 
adequacy, functionality and reliability of the organisational structure and other 
components of the Internal Control System. The Internal Audit Function is also 
responsible for the “Internal Reporting System” (i.e. whistleblowing) and analyses and 
assesses the reports received, in compliance with the applicable regulations; 
• 
the Administration, Finance and Control Department supports the Chief Executive 
Officer in decision-making processes, providing information on how to use capital and 
resources to achieve business results, including objectives relating to sustainability 
issues, in accordance with the RAF defined and approved by the Board of Directors. It 
supervises the organisational units responsible for preparing financial, balance sheet, 
economic and forecast information, including the Consolidated Non-Financial 
Statement (NFS), and for identifying and proposing strategic sustainability guidelines; 
• 
the Sustainability Office, within the Administration, Finance and Control Department, 
is responsible for supporting the development of the Banca Mediolanum Group’s 
sustainability strategy, through the search for best practices at market level and their 
submission to the Group Coordination and Strategic Development Committee in its 
ESG configuration and to the internal Board Committees, for the subsequent 
resolutions of the Board of Directors. It also manages the process of preparing the NFS, 
updates and disseminates the Code of Ethics defined by the Parent Company and, 
where applicable, the Code of Ethics of subsidiaries; 
• 
the Project Portfolio and Organisational Development Department supports the 
general management and top management in the subdivision of strategic policies and

--- Page 198 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
198 
 
guidelines in the ESG sphere, in line with the management areas and priorities defined 
by the Corporate Bodies of strategic direction and control; 
• 
the ESG Transformation Office Managerial Support Unit, within the Projects and 
Organisational Development Portfolio Department, supports general management and 
senior management in implementing ESG policies and strategic guidelines through the 
management of the ESG policy plan and is responsible for the cross-functional 
coordination of sustainability initiatives at the level of the Financial Conglomerate. It 
also manages the work of the Group Strategic Development and Coordination 
Management Committee, in its ESG configuration, taking on the role of Coordinator 
of the Committee; 
• 
the Human Resources Department implements the remuneration policies for Group 
employees, in compliance with the Remuneration and Incentive Policies approved by 
the Board of Directors, including with regard to ESG aspects, periodically submitting 
to the Remuneration Committee any proposals to update the policies, subject to 
agreement with the Compliance Function and the Risk Management Function for the 
relevant checks. It disseminates corporate culture and values, ensuring that the 
principles of probity, fairness and respect for individuals are applied, as well as 
Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) policies, which aim to promote the inclusion and 
enhancement of differences. The Company’s Diversity Manager indeed works within 
the Executive Committee; 
• 
the Investment and Insurance Services Department oversees sustainability issues 
relating to investments and insurance, supporting the Group Coordination and Strategic 
Development Managerial Committee in its ESG configuration and the Board of 
Directors in defining the Responsible Investment guidelines and monitoring the ESG 
positioning of investment and insurance products. Management also contributes to the 
definition of issues and initiatives relating to responsible finance, and coordinates these 
initiatives for the conglomerate, transmitting the guidelines defined by the competent 
corporate bodies and ensuring the monitoring and implementation of these within the 
subsidiaries through processes, products and services; 
• 
the Head of the Bank’s Investment and Insurance Services Department makes use of 
the Conglomerate’s ESG Commission for Investments and Insurance, which is 
responsible for providing support and advice in the analysis and monitoring at the 
Conglomerate level of the overall ESG positioning of the offer in the context, in the 
proposal of sustainable investment guidelines, methods for assessing ESG 
characteristics and any parameters with which the offer must comply at Group level, 
verifying the consistency of the safeguards implemented by the Group subsidiaries in 
this area. The ESG Commission for Investments and Insurance ensures that the 
guidelines on Responsible Finance and initiatives aimed at meeting regulatory 
requirements are correctly transposed by the companies of the involved Conglomerate 
and, through specific working tables, oversees the way in which they are implemented 
and monitors their consistency; 
• 
the Procurement, Corporate Services & HSSE (Health, Safety, Security & 
Environment) Department defines contracts with suppliers of goods and services and 
also considers sustainability factors in its assessment. It manages the corporate 
portfolio of property assets that are instrumental to the Bank’s business and oversees 
issues relating to health, workplace health and safety, and the environmental 
sustainability of buildings;

--- Page 199 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
199 
 
• 
All the other Parent Company departments – involved in the processes relating to 
sustainability issues in various ways – are called on to provide support during the 
operational phases of these processes and in order to comply with the Code of Ethics 
and Code of Conduct in place within the Group; 
• 
All of the companies in the Banca Mediolanum Group (also understood as a 
financial conglomerate) transpose the Group’s sustainability policies and are 
responsible for the effective implementation of the principles stipulated in these. They 
are also required to comply with the Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct in place 
within the Group. 
Environmental Social Governance (ESG) policies overview 
− 
Sustainability Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2019, it 
is aimed at (i) outlining the guidelines for the Group and aims to generate values for all the 
stakeholders in line with the materiality matrix priorities; and (ii) improving ESG risk 
management for the Group according to Italian Law Decree 254/16; 
− 
NFR Policy: it outlines and describes the principles for the non-financial reporting in line with 
Directive 2014/95/UE (as transposed in Italy by Law Decree 254/16). For the sake of clarity, 
such document is drafted and adopted by the Issuer in its capacity as Parent Company and by 
all the fully consolidated subsidiaries; 
− 
Operational Policy on environmental sustainability: in 2019, Banca Mediolanum adopted 
an operational policy on environmental sustainability. The purpose of this document is to define 
roles and responsibilities in the management of environmental risks and to provide a description 
of the principles and guidelines adopted by Banca Mediolanum on environmental sustainability, 
as well as of the related areas and impacts. In particular, it is a document that reports on Banca 
Mediolanum’s responsibility for the purchase and consumption of sustainable products, energy 
and climate change, waste management and the development of an internal culture regarding 
environmental sustainability; 
− 
Occupational and Environmental Health and Safety Policy: since 2021, Banca Mediolanum 
has adopted the document entitled “Policy on Health and Safety at Work and the Environment”, 
which describes the Issuer’s commitment to the management of health and safety at work and 
environmental protection, pursuing these objectives with the adoption of the Integrated 
Management System for Health and Safety at Work and the Environment through the 
implementation of the reference standards indicated by international standards ISO 45001:2018 
and ISO 14001:2015, in order to seek continuous improvement in its work; 
− 
Human Rights Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020, it 
defines the Group commitment in line with 2011 UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights; 
− 
Donations Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2018, it has 
been structured in line with the definition of “liberalità” as provided in the Italian Civil Code. 
Under such policy, donations could be provided to individuals, including clients that are in 
situations of hardship or to non-profit organisations;  
− 
Responsible Product Operational Policy: in 2020, Banca Mediolanum issued an operational 
policy on responsible products. This policy establishes the consideration of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) factors along the “manufacturing process”, which leads to the 
offer to its customers of financial products and services. Through ESG metrics, the Bank

--- Page 200 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
200 
 
monitors the sustainability positioning of products over time with a view to continuous 
improvement; and  
− 
Mediolanum Group Sexual Harassment Prevention Policy: in order to support and promote 
the values of diversity and inclusion through corporate and organisational mechanisms aimed 
at creating shared well-being, at its board meeting of 19 December 2023, Banca Mediolanum 
approved the “Mediolanum Group Sexual Harassment Prevention Policy”, which provides a 
framework for the areas and actions that the Group undertakes not to tolerate insofar as they 
are similar to sexual harassment, verifying that there is respect among people and creating 
opportunities to raise awareness of the subject in all its forms and disseminating information 
on the tools available to all to prevent, avoid and manage harassment. The document also 
complies with the principles established by applicable legislation and international standards of 
reference, such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights or the ILO Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
ESG Risk Management Overview  
The world of risks is constantly evolving, so that the Risk Management Function acquires an 
increasingly important role, which must be even more oriented towards observing and analysing the 
evolution, not only of the economic and financial context, but also of the environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) context. This involves the introduction of environmental, social and corporate 
governance risk factors associated with the different business lines and the associated management of 
financial companies. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Art. 3 of Legislative Decree No. 254/2016, which provides that companies 
shall provide a description of the main risks generated and suffered, associated with the material issues 
of the organisation, as well as in compliance with Art. 1, para. 1073 of the 2019 Budget Law, which 
introduced an amendment to Decree 254/2016, which requires, among the obligations related to non-
financial reporting, an illustration of the methods of managing the main risks, the Mediolanum Group 
identified the risks associated with the individual responsibilities identified, their nature and the 
management methods currently in place. 
In addition to the risks associated with material topics and traditional financial risks, additional areas of 
risk have been identified deriving from the current or prospective impact of climate and environmental 
factors, with particular reference to the counterparties entrusted or the assets invested, as well as the 
risks arising from the main activities performed by financial companies, to which are also added risks 
relating to IT and reputation. 
In line with the expectations of the supervisory authorities (“ECB Guide on Climate and Environmental 
Risks - Supervisory Expectations on Risk Management and Reporting”), Banca Mediolanum has taken 
action to identify and quantify exposure to significant climate and environmental risk factors, although 
climate and environmental risks do not constitute a separate risk category, even if they take the form of 
traditional categories of financial risks (credit risk, market risk, operational and reputation risks, 
liquidity and financing risks).  
ESG targets  
Banca Mediolanum recognises the sustainability implementation path based on: 
(a) 
a programme on a multi-year sustainability basis, which involves most of the Issuer’s 
departments and is based on the relevant issues reported in the aforementioned materiality 
matrix (“responsible business”, “person-centeredness”, “responsible finance”, “community 
support”, “diversity and inclusion”, “direct environmental impacts”, “procurement policies and

--- Page 201 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
201 
 
supplier assessment”), which is internally composed of projects with strategic, tactical and 
operational impact; and 
(b) 
strategic goals that further guide and engage the company related to: 
− 
Governance: aligning governance Group’s policies and practices to regulations for 
listed companies (so-called “sustainable success”) and to the best market standards to 
create sustainable value for all the Group’s stakeholders; 
− 
Products and services: in line with its client-centric business model, the Issuer keeps 
on integrating ESG factors both in the products/services and in the relationship with its 
customers; it also gives to its customers more visibility on sustainability aspects of their 
investment portfolios; 
− 
Environmental impact: in line with the sustainable development goals (SDGs) 7 and 
13, the 2021-2025 strategic plan  (i) envisages more focus on affordable as well as 
clean energy and climate action; (ii) measure the carbon footprint of the Group;  
Following measurement of the Banca Mediolanum Group’s carbon footprint, scope 1 
(Scope 1) and scope 2 (Scope 2) targets were duly defined as follows:  
• 
with regard to emissions of Scope 1, the Banca Mediolanum Group has always 
been committed to optimising and reducing consumption and consequently 
reducing its “environmental impact”, by purchasing new and more efficient 
plants and implementing actions to manage them. Banca Mediolanum 
undertakes to reduce Scope 1 emissions by 3% over the five-year period 2021-
2025, through initiatives to increase the energy efficiency of operating 
structures and internal management systems through dedicated initiatives and 
projects;  
• 
with regard to Scope 2 emissions, Banca Mediolanum undertakes to select 
suppliers to purchase electricity, promoting tenders involving exclusively 
players capable of guaranteeing the quality and sustainability of their energy 
portfolio, through “Guarantee of origin (GO) 259 | Mediolanum Group - Non-
Financial Statement 2023” certification. In the representation of the indirect 
greenhouse gas emissions from purchased or acquired energy, such as 
electricity, steam, heat or cooling (Scope 2, Market-Based), the objective is 
hence to achieve 0% of emissions by 2025.  
In 2023, in the context of the update of Banca Mediolanum Group’s strategic plan, 
specific safeguards and objectives were identified in relation to indirect emissions (the 
so-called “Scope 3”), with respect to the respective areas of investment and credit:  
• 
Investments In addition to the metrics already used in the investment process 
(e.g. ESG rating component E, additional PAI 1,2,3, 4), the Issuer and the 
Group companies that play the role of Financial Market Participant (FMP) 
have adopted additional climate indicators, namely the “Implied Temperature 
Rise” (ITR) and the “Weighted Average Carbon Intensity” (WACI), in order 
to understand and monitor the current and prospective impact of investments 
on the climate.  
− 
Lending in the area of credit management: targets for increasing the percentage of 
green loans for the purchase of properties and for restructuring with a saving of at least 
5,000 tonnes of CO2 37 in the three-year period 2024 to 2026.

--- Page 202 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
202 
 
− 
Gender Diversity: in line with the responsibility to employees, which is a pillar of 
sustainability strategy of Banca Mediolanum, the Issuer commits to a progressive 
improvement of the percentage of women managers in the medium to long term and, 
on 21 May 2024, it has obtained the Gender Equality Certification (in accordance with 
UNI/PdR 125:2022 guidelines). 
Additionally, after the inaugural issue of a Green Senior Preferred Bond with a maturity of four years 
and two months for a total amount of 300 million euros which was successfully completed in November 
2022, Banca Mediolanum is committed to allocating the proceeds according to the indications laid out 
in the “Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework”. 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (the Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework) has been established according to the Green Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond 
Principles 2021 as well as the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, which are overseen by the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA). This Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework represents a sustainable financing tool that ensures transparency on the use of proceeds and 
promotes the integrity of the sustainable bond market. 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is presented through the following key 
pillars: 
1. use of proceeds 
2. process for project evaluation and selection 
3. management of proceeds 
4. reporting 
5. external review 
Mediolanum‘s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework encompasses three different types of 
sustainable bonds, namely: 
• 
Green bonds: any type of bond instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to 
finance or re-finance projects with clear environmental benefits and which are aligned with the 
four core components of the Green Bond Principles (GBP) administered by the ICMA; 
• 
Social bonds: aligned with the four core components of the Social Bond Principles (SBP) 
overseen by the ICMA and financing projects that directly aim to address or mitigate a specific 
social issue and/or seek to achieve positive social outcomes, especially but not exclusively for 
a target population(s); and 
• 
Sustainability bonds: any type of bond instrument where the proceeds or an equivalent amount 
will be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance a combination of both Green and Social 
projects. Sustainability Bonds are aligned with the four core components of both the GBP and 
SBP with the former being especially relevant to underlying Green projects and the latter to 
underlying Social projects. 
Green, social or sustainability bonds can be issued as different debt instruments, including public or 
private placements, senior preferred, senior non-preferred and subordinated bonds in various formats 
and currencies. Further details will be provided in the applicable documentation related to the specific 
transaction.

--- Page 203 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
203 
 
Mediolanum aims to actively monitor the ESG debt market and commits to periodically reviewing this 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework to ensure alignment with best market practices and 
other voluntary standards. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, as well as any future updates, will apply to any 
green, social, sustainability bond issued by Mediolanum as long as any such instrument is still 
outstanding. 
11. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
The Issuer as a bank is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, which is the so-called Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (BRRD), as implemented in the Italian legal framework.  
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees 
by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are 
met, the relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of 
Italy, acting in accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the SRB (as defined 
below)) has determined, after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, 
that the bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is 
proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and 
winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, 
alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements necessary to 
maintain its authorisation to carry out banking activities, because the institution has incurred or is likely 
to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds; (b) its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable 
to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to 
apply, on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
• 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect 
the effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or 
impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and 
(b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may 
transfer to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one 
or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued by the bank under resolution; and (b) all or any assets, rights 
and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or 
liabilities of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g. impaired assets, such as non-performing 
exposures) to one or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is

--- Page 204 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
204 
 
wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution 
authority) with a view to maximizing their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and 
• 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally: (a) write-down the 
bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Additional Tier 1 (AT1) and Tier 2 (T2) instruments; 
(b) write-down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); and (c) convert 
eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s 
creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian 
implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than they 
would have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” 
principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to 
the highest – is the following:  
• 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
• 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
• 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
• 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
• 
holders of senior notes;  
• 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
• 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within EUR100,000 are protected by the Italian deposit guarantee schemes, such as the 
“Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi (FITD). 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) 
are a new category of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations, ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu, without any 
preferences among themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the General 
Bail-In Tool).  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable while 
maintaining financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the 
BRRD.

--- Page 205 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
205 
 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: (1) a State guarantee to back 
liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; (2) a State 
guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or (3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation, EU state aid rules require that shareholders 
and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken 
in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant 
authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or, in certain 
circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-
down or converted; or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other 
than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the 
economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and the own funds of the 
institution (i.e. Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities or MREL). The aim 
is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis 
of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to 
continue exercising critical functions post -resolution. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 set out the assessment criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL 
for individual firms. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence 
to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to 
supervision by the ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB.  
The determination that securities issued by the Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-
in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of the Group’s control. This determination will also be made by the SRB and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the Issuer or the Group, which could result in such a 
determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the 
exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other 
securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the SRB will be obliged to consider in 
exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by 
the Group may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise 
of any such power and consequently its potential effect on the Group and the securities issued by the 
Group. Potential investors in the securities issued by the Group should consider the risk that a holder 
may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such 
statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was 
published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular, this regulation lays down rules 
specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the 
resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the

--- Page 206 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
206 
 
write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at 
ensuring a smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity 
of certain debt instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) 
issued by the bank under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract 
to which the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to 
substitute a recipient as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e. provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any 
termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control 
or enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-
default provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an agreement which 
includes cross-default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on 
the possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case 
of resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national resolution 
funds and the SRB. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention of such 
funds is only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount 
not less than 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at 
the time of the resolution action, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments 
of ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise. In any case, the contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 
5% of the total liabilities, including own funds of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the 
resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain provisions of 
the BRRD. The proposal includes an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further 
harmonising the creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured 
debt in resolution and insolvency. A new class of so-called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed 
to be added that would be eligible to meet the total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) requirements  and 
the MREL requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all subordinated debt, but junior to 
ordinary unsecured senior claims. 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
December 2017 and had to be transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. 
In this regard, the Italian Law no. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, 
contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments. 
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory ranking 
in insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated.

--- Page 207 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
207 
 
The EU Banking Framework includes BRRD II, which provides for a number of significant revisions 
to the BRRD. BRRD II provides that Member States were required to ensure implementation into local 
law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of the TLAC 
standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL 
requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 
1 January 2022. The EU Banking Framework includes, among the other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of “top-tier” banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes 
to the BRRD under BRRD II impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, the BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of 
the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum 
Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, 
aiming at helping to ensure that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution 
plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting a level playing field across banks, including 
subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy addresses the following topics: 
(a) 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to 
MREL calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Framework; 
(b) 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: 
(i) pillar 1 banks (being, for sake of clarity, the Basel II rules on capital adequacy, which is the 
minimum amount of capital that each bank shall comply with pursuant to the law) are subject 
to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL requirement that 
must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated to all 
claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure 
that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total 
liabilities and own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non-Pillar 1 Banks will be subject to a subordination 
requirement only upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the so called 
“no creditor worse off principle”, following a bank-specific assessment carried out as part of 
resolution planning; 
(c) 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively 
expand the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions,

--- Page 208 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
208 
 
and it may waive subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal 
MREL at certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to 
permit the use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member State of the 
resolution entity; 
(d) 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain 
types of cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the 
resolution entity to comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive 
the internal MREL of the legal entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
(e) 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how 
liabilities issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual 
recognition; and 
(f) 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to 
the 2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 
2023, also stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on 
the MREL tailored to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising 
MREL-eligible liabilities). 
The above mentioned MREL policy is reviewed and updated by the SRB on a yearly basis. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal 
provisions of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRM Regulation, CRR and CRD IV 
Directive) in reply to questions raised by national competent authorities (NCAs), addressing the 
following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or 
delivery obligations; (iii) the selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-
in; (vii) write-down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of 
certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of 
resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same European Commission, the notice merely clarifies 
the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, while it does not extend in any way the 
rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any additional requirements of the 
concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on 
MREL and TLAC has been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL 
and TLAC disclosure according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; 
(ii) draft uniform reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of the 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II 
shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) 
of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance 
with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in 
accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 
and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act.   
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II.

--- Page 209 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
209 
 
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the 
bail-in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses 
could be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the 
leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution 
plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-
in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(iii) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of 
the financial system. 
CRD V Directive and CRR II 
In November 2016, the European Commission (the EC) published a package of proposed amendments 
to CRD IV Directive and the CRR (the CRD V Directive and CRR II, respectively). Following the 
EC’s proposals, CRD V Directive and CRR II have been issued on 27 June 2019 as Directive 
2019/878/EU and Regulation 2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V Directive applies from 29 June 2020 
and CRR II largely applies from 28 June 2021.  
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which 
reflect EC findings on the impact of CRD IV Directive on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain 
of the changes such as new market risk rules, standardised approach to counterparty risk, details on the 
leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will 
particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding 
companies in the European Union to become authorised and subject to direct supervision under CRD 
IV Directive. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with 
consolidated prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country 
groups above a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the 
European Union to establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the requirement in line 
with the Financial Stability Board’s (FSB) final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards for 
globally significant institutions. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V Directive and/or 
CRR II differs from Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised further 
changes to the Basel III framework which include amendments to the standardised approaches to credit 
risk and operational risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee 
published revised final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals 
will need to be transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee has 
recommended implementation commencing in 2022; however, timing of implementation in the 
European Union is uncertain.

--- Page 210 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
210 
 
Among other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision decided on 2 April 2020 to delay the 
implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRR 
III) and CRD (CRD VI) the standards approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with 
specific reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and operational) and the so-called 
“output floor”. It also contains references on the issue of climate risks and the approach that banks and 
supervisors will have to take. The Commission’s proposal pursues three main objectives: (i) further 
strengthening the resilience of the European banking system, respecting the principle of proportionality 
and taking into account the specificities already contained in the existing rules; (ii) contributing to the 
“green transition”; (iii) making supervisory powers more effective, also in light of recent financial 
scandals recorded in some countries. The CRR III and the CRD VI have been published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 19 June 2024 and will enter into force on 9 July 2024. Save for certain 
exceptions, most of the provisions set forth in the CRR III will apply from 1 January 2025 while 
Member States are required to enact any acts and regulations implementing the provisions laid downy 
by the CRD VI by 10 January 2026. Such implementing acts and regulation will become effective on 
from 11 January 2026 (with some exceptions / differentiated phase-in regime).. 
Once the CRR III and the CRD VI as well as the CMDI will be implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in 
the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. 
In such a context, it is worth mentioning that on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a 
legislative proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance (CMDI) framework. The 
package consists of four legislative proposals that would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive (DGSD) and the SRM Regulation. New aspects of the framework 
could include: (i) expanding the scope of resolution through a revision of the public interest assessment 
to include a regional impact so that more eurozone banks could be brought into the resolution 
framework, (ii) the use of deposit guarantee schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet 
a key threshold for bearing losses of 8% of their own funds and liabilities, which then allows them to 
have access to the Single Resolution Fund, also funded by bank contributions, and help sell the 
problematic banks’ assets and fund their exit from the market, (iii) amending the hierarchy of claims in 
insolvency and scrapping the “super-preference” of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS) to put all 
deposits on equal pegging in an insolvency, but still above ordinary unsecured creditors with the aim 
of enabling the use of DGS funds in measures other than pay out of covered deposits without violating 
the least cost test. On 19 June 2024, the Council announced that it had agreed a negotiating mandate on 
the review of the CMDI. With this agreement, the Council is ready to engage in negotiations with the 
European Parliament on the final shape of this piece of legislation.  . 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Directive and 
the CRR which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, 
strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The 
key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital 
and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be 
exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the 
financial system.  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised “Guidelines for Common Procedures and 
Methodologies for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and Prudential Stress

--- Page 211 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
211 
 
Tests”, which provide a common framework for supervision in assessing risks to banks' business 
models, solvency and liquidity, as well as for conducting prudential stress tests. The guidelines will 
apply as of 1 January 2023. 
On 12 October 2022 EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13, the scope of application of the 
Guidelines of 2018 (EBA/GL/2018/10) clarifying that the Guidelines will no longer apply to significant 
credit institutions, as they are subject to greater disclosure obligations regarding impaired exposures 
and the measures of concessions, as prescribed by CRR2 and the Implementing Regulation (EU) of 
March 15, 2021. The EBA/GL/2022/13 Guidelines apply since 31 December 2022. 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing 
said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13. 
Credit Rating 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated: 
(a) 
“BBB” (long-term issuer credit rating) and “A-2” (short-term issuer credit rating) with outlook 
“stable” by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings; and  
(b) 
“BBB” (long-term issuer default rating) and “F3” (short-term issuer default rating) with outlook 
“stable” by Fitch. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Sustainability Rating  
In 2023, the Issuer has been assigned a sustainability rating being the “Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment” (which is a benchmark tool for companies to assess the financial materiality of their 
sustainability performance from the perspective of investors) equal to “45 out of 100” by the 
independent agency Standard & Poor’s Global.  
During 2021, the first ESG index dedicated to Italian blue-chips was launched, designed to identify 
large Italian listed issuers with the best ESG practices (the so-called “MIB ESG Index”). The 
composition of such index is based on the analysis of ESG criteria by Vigeo Eiris (V.E.), a Moody’s 
ESG Solutions company, which evaluates the ESG performance of issuers. In October 2021, the Issuer 
entered into the composition of the MIB ESG index Ranking. Furthermore, in 2023, the Issuer has been 
rated “AA” in respect of the ESG rating being the “MSCI ESG Rating”, which aims at measuring a 
company’s management of financially relevant ESG risks and opportunities.In addition, the Issuer has 
been assigned a rating equal to “2 out of 5” by FTSE Russel (being a wholly owned subsidiary of 
London Stock Exchange Group which provides benchmarks, analytics, and data solutions with multi-
asset capabilities globally). 
Moreover, during 2023, the Issuer has been rated “EE” (long-term) and “EE-” by Standard Ethics. Such 
rating is issued to companies and organizations wishing to compare their ESG performance with 
guidelines and models promoted by, inter alios, the EU and OECD. 
Audit of the consolidated financial statements 
The Issuer states that: 
(a) 
the consolidated financial statements as at 31 March 2024 have not been subject to any audit or 
review procedures by the independent auditors;

--- Page 212 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
212 
 
(b) 
the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, approved 
by the Board of Directors on 6 March 2024, have been audited by the independent auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit report on 25 March 2024; 
and 
(c) 
the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, approved 
by the Board of Directors on 7 March 2023, have been audited by the independent auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit report on 24 March 2023. 
The above consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by 
the European Union (IFRS).  
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the Group, the Issuer’s 
directors have identified certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following alternative performance 
measures, as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor 
the Group’s financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying operational 
trends and take about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational decisions. 
With reference to the interpretation of these APMs, the management draws attention to the matters 
illustrated below: 
(i) 
The APMs indicators are constructed exclusively from the Group’s historical data and is not 
indicative of the future performance of the Group; 
(ii) 
the APMs are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer’s consolidated 
financial statements, have not been audited; 
(iii) 
the APMs should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS; 
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with the Group’s financial information as reported in the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus; and 
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies define and calculate APMs in the same manner, 
the APMs may not be always to those used by other companies or groups. 
APMs used by the Group are prepared and presented consistently for all periods for which financial 
information is included in this Base Prospectus. 
Measures of profitability18   
 
Altenative Performance Measures 
  31-March-24 
31-Dec-23 
  31-Dec-22 
  
 
Return On Equity 
 
24.48% 
25.67% 
 
17.38%(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CET1 Ratio 
 
22.90% 
22.29% 
 
20.60% 
 
 
18 Source: elaboration by the Company based on internal data.

--- Page 213 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
213 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost/Income Ratio (ex mkt effect) 
 
39.32% 
39.88% 
 
47.00%(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Asset Under Management (€/bln) 
 
125.9 
118.1 
 
103.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan Loss Provision 
 
19 bps 
19 bps 
 
13 bps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross NPL Ratio 
 
1.46% 
1.45% 
 
1.28% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net NPL Ratio 
 
0.79% 
0.79% 
 
0.68% 
 
_____________ 
(*) Data as of 31 December 2022 have been restated to reflect the application of the new international 
accounting standard IFRS 17 - Insurance Contracts effective from 1 January 2023. 
For sake of clarity, the terms indicated in the chart above have the following meaning: 
Return On Equity means the shareholder remuneration index determined as the ratio of net income to 
average Shareholders’ Equity for the period including earnings. Net income in interim periods is 
annualized, adjusting the projection by excluding the effect of major extraordinary effects. 
Common Equity Tier1 Ratio means the solvency ratio expressed as the ratio of Commom Equity Tier 
1 to Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) calculated on the basis of Basel III regulations in application of the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 
2013, Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and subsequent updates. 
Cost/Income Ratio means ratio of “general and administrative expenses” including “ordinary 
contributions and Guarantee Funds” to the “contribution margin” identifiable in the Reclassified 
Consolidated Income Statement, reported in the Financial Statements. For sake of clarity, such ratio 
does not consider the “Market Effect” item, i.e., items measured at fair value and performance fees. 
Assets Under Management means the total assets held by customers pertaining to both asset 
management and assets under administration products, also attributable to third-party products. 
Loan Loss Provision means the credit quality indicator calculated through the ratio of net adjustments  
to Loans recorded in the last 12 months to the Stocks of Loans to customers (amortized cost), excluding 
loans not subject to adjustment, such as deposits with “Cassa Compensazione & Garanzia” and 
operating loans. 
Gross NPL Ratio means the ratio calculated as non-performing exposures before related provisions to 
the stock of loans to customers measured at amortized cost. 
Net NPL Ratio means the ratio calculated as net non-performing exposures to the Stock of loans to 
customers measured at amortized cost, net of adjustments on impaired and performing loans.

--- Page 214 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
214 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes. 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such 
holder purchases its Notes in this offering. It is a general overview that does not apply to certain 
categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does 
not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject 
to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have 
retroactive effect. Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for 
tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including 
in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian Taxation 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest). 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). 
Pursuant to Article 44 paragraph 2, letter c) of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay at maturity an amount not less than that therein indicated, with or without the payment of periodic 
interest, and (ii) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the 
management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued.  
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial 
instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 
138 of 13 August 2011 (Decree No. 138) as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 
September 2011 and as further amended from time to time.

--- Page 215 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
215 
 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is:  
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected 
(unless they have opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under “Capital 
gains tax” below); 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; 
or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding 
tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent., unless the relevant Noteholder 
holds the Notes in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary and, 
under certain conditions, has validly opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime provided 
for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 (Decree No. 461) (see 
“Capital gains tax” below). In the event that the Noteholders described under paragraphs (a) and (c) 
above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant Interest must be included in their relevant income 
tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta 
sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva. It must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and is therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real 
estate società di investimento a capitale fisso (SICAFs)  (together, the Real Estate Funds) are subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, 
a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund.

--- Page 216 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
216 
 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (other 
than a real estate SICAF) or a SICAV  ("Società di investimento a capital variabile") established in 
Italy (together, the Funds) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued 
during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included 
in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a 
withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholders is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so-called SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and 
other qualified entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance, which are resident in Italy 
(Intermediaries and each an Intermediary) or by permanent establishments in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident Intermediary or by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system 
of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of 
the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239. For the purposes of applying imposta sostitutiva, 
Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries are required to act in 
connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal of the Notes, including in their 
capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change in 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change in the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident beneficial owner is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued 
pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 
September 2015) (the White List); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or

--- Page 217 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
217 
 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
Interest (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) 
and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity 
or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case 
of foreign central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who 
do not qualify for the exemption.  
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Noteholder. 
Tax treatment of Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Atypical securities are securities that do not fall within the category of (a) shares (azioni) and securities 
similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) and of (b) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
Payments relating to atypical securities are subject to 26 per cent. withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real 
Estate Fund, (vii) a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005), or (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, or (b) an Italian resident corporation or a similar commercial entity

--- Page 218 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
218 
 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected), such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In case of a non-Italian resident Noteholder without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the above mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally 
to 10 per cent.) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent. The Noteholders may set off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised 
by the above mentioned Italian resident Noteholders holding the Notes. In this instance, "capital 
gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Taxpayers must indicate 
the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing 
by the relevant Noteholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a

--- Page 219 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
219 
 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds 
provided by the Noteholders for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any 
possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Notes 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains in 
the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to 
(iii) above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) 
to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Noteholders are not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Noteholders; the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares.  
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 
per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, capital gains arising from the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 
per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of 
the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. The exemption applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident Noteholders, in certain cases, file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in 
Italy for tax purposes and has no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected.

--- Page 220 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
220 
 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets and held in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of 
law) is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the 
current rate of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the 
resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation 
are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; 
and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject

--- Page 221 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
221 
 
to registration only in “case of use (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or in case 
of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree 
No. 642), as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of 
any Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty cannot 
exceed Euro 14,000.00 if the Noteholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 
12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the 
fiscal residence of the investor – (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy as amended 
from time to time) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities 
and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917) holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 
0.20 per cent. (starting from 2024, the rate has been increased to 0.40 per cent. in case the Notes are 
held in territories having a preferential tax regime as listed by Italian Ministerial Decree dated May 4, 
1999). The wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this 
case the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 
642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in 
Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in 
their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly or indirectly held 
abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument.

--- Page 222 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
222 
 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign 
investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not 
exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdiction. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 14 (Further 
Issues) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 12 (Further Issues) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In 
the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 223 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
223 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 224 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
224 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such amended and restated 
programme agreement, as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Programme Agreement) dated 25 July 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under "Form of the Notes" and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
of the Notes and the closing date thereof (the Resale Restriction Termination Date), within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a 
term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 225 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
225 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State 
of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 226 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
226 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes)  
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, (ii) the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 227 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
227 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed that 
it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed that they undertake to comply with 
applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the 
Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); 
and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 228 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
228 
 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (wetboek van economisch recht/code de droit économique), as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, 
and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 229 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
229 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by the resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 20 June 2024. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/fixed-income: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Banca Mediolanum;  
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2022 of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2023 of the Issuer; 
(e) 
the English translation of the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2024 of the Issuer;  
(f) 
the English translation of the non-financial statement for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2023;  
(g) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; 
(h) 
the Second Party Opinion; 
(i) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least ten years 
after its publication on the websites referred to in paragraphs 2 and 6 of Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will be in bearer form and held 
in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by

--- Page 230 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
230 
 
Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The registered office and principal place of business of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the form of Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
The current market environment is still characterized by uncertainties due to the Russia/Ukraine conflict 
and the Israel-Palestina conflict and related spill-over macroeconomic effects that could have potential 
impacts also on the financial markets, the unexpected materially adverse impact of which on the 
profitability of the Issuer, in particular in terms of operating income and cost of risk, cannot be finally 
assessed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except for the possible impact of the Russia/Ukraine 
conflict and the Israel-Palestina conflict and related spill-over effect indicated above, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements as at 31 December 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 31 
March 2024.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at pages 193-195 (both included), neither the Issuer nor any 
other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent auditors  
On 9 April 2019, the Issuer’s shareholders meeting appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., 
independent registered public accounting firm as auditor for the financial years 2020-2028. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., independent registered public accounting firm, authorized and 
regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF and a 
member of Assirevi Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian Auditors Association, has 
audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS, 
for the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.

--- Page 231 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
231 
 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which 
they are included or incorporated, with the consent of the relevant auditors who have authorised the 
contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates (including parent companies) may have engaged in various 
general financing and banking transactions with, and provided financial advisory and investment 
banking services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates and in each main Banca Mediolanum’s shareholders 
in the past and may do so again in the future.  
Moreover, part of the proceeds derived from issuances of Notes under the Programme might be used to 
repay previous loans granted to the Issuer by some of the Dealers and/or their affiliates.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans and debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer, of its affiliates or of each main Banca Mediolanum’s shareholders.  
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent 
companies of the Dealers. 
Rating 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 232 ---
0016595-0000331 EUO2: 2004551572.2 
232 
 
 
ISSUER 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Palazzo Meucci 
Via Ennio Doris 
20079 Basiglio (MI) 
Italy 
PAYING AGENT 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Palazzo Meucci 
Via Ennio Doris 
20079 Basiglio (MI) 
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Chiomenti 
Via G. Verdi 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to Italian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
20123 Milan 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d'Esch 
L - 2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg