--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BANCO BPI, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€9,000,000,000 COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Banco BPI, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “BPI”), incorporated under Portuguese law, with a fully paid up share 
capital of €1,293,063,324.98, represented by 1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value, with 
head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto and registered under the sole registration and 
taxpayer number 501 214 534 with the Commercial Registry Office of Porto, is an authorised credit 
institution for the purposes of Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March (the “Covered Bonds Law”). The 
Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute mortgage covered bonds for the purposes, and with the 
benefit, of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Under this €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme (the “Programme”), described in this base 
prospectus, dated 25 November 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may 
from time to time issue mortgage covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer (as defined below).Covered Bonds will be issued in registered 
(nominativas) form (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) and be represented in book-entry form (forma 
escritural). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing 
basis to the Dealer specified and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), whose appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an 
issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds.  
See the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the 
“CMVM”), as Portuguese competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CMVM only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CMVM should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates 
only to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market Euronext Lisbon 
(“Euronext Lisbon”) under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May, on markets in financial instruments as amended (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 
12 months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application will be made to the Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
(“Euronext”) for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon 
(“Euronext Lisbon”) and to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Lisbon. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon or other regulated market. The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Under this Programme, the Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds 
and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. Euronext Lisbon is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds will specify

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed on Euronext Lisbon or not. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa2/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) (“Moody’s”), BBB/F2 with stable outlook 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BBB/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s and “AA (low)” by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”) and any successor to the relevant rating agency. Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds may not be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and 
are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
The ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by DBRS have been 
endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited are established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")'s Financial Services Register, available at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, includes credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Similar to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and updates to the Financial Services Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, ratings issued by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS may also be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Arranger  
Banco BPI 
Dealer 
Banco BPI 
This Base Prospectus is dated 25 November 2021

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF 
COVERED BONDS GENERALLY ............................................................................................................................. 6 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 21 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 59 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................... 65 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS........................................................................................................... 72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................... 89 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ....................................................................................................... 131 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................. 141 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS .................................................... 143 
COVER POOL MONITOR ....................................................................................................................................... 144 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................ 147 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT AND SERVICING OF 
THE COVER POOL .................................................................................................................................................. 172 
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................................. 175 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW ............................................................................................................................... 176 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................... 184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS ............................................ 194 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 203 
DEFINITIONS ........................................................................................................................................................... 217

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds (as defined in Overview of the Covered 
Bonds Programme), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms 
may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January, on insurance distribution (as amended) (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 
on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made at the time of each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, of 7 April (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of that 
Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the product 
approval process of any manufacturer, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) is included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) – Unless 
otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS AND ESTIMATES 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, and any other projections or forecasts in this document 
are necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking 
statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED IN 
THE SECTION HEADED "RISK FACTORS" HEREIN 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Covered

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such 
potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered 
Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APMs 
should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU.  
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and 
reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the Annex -Alternative Performance Measures. 
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base 
Prospectus follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative 
Performance Measures

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risk factors that may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under the “Risk Factors” section 
and include certain specific and relevant risks 
related to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. 
Description: 
€9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme. 
Arranger: 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Dealer(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer. 
Common Representative: 
Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
having its registered office at Avenida de Francia, 
17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, or any successor 
common representative appointed by a meeting of 
the holders of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Paying Agent(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any other paying agents 
named in the Agency and Payments Procedures 
together with any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Covered Bonds under the Agency and 
Payments Procedures. 
Final Terms: 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and 
its associated Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as completed and to the 
extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding 
under 
the 
Programme 
will 
not 
exceed 
€9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein), subject 
to increase as described in this Based Prospectus. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Covered Bonds under the Programme are 
issued in series (each a Series) which may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (ii) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Currency/ies: 
The Specified Currency (to be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered 
Bonds).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the Specified 
Currency.  
Specified Denomination: 
Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
issued 
in 
such 
denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements, 
having 
each 
Covered 
Bond 
a 
minimum 
denomination of €100,000. 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in one or more 
Series (which may be issued on the same date or 
which may be issued in more than one Tranche on 
different dates). The Covered Bonds may be issued 
in Tranches on a continuous basis, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations 
and directives.  
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of 
Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes. 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered 
Bonds, namely in the United States, the EEA 
(including Portugal and Belgium), the UK, 
Singapore, 
Switzerland 
and 
Japan 
(See 
Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market 
Arrangements).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds held through accounts of 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa will be represented 
in 
dematerialised 
book-entry 
form 
(“forma 
escritural”) and will be registered Covered Bonds 
(“nominativas”). 
Registration, clearing and settlement: 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central 
securities depositary (CSD) which will be the 
Portuguese 
domestic 
CSD, 
Interbolsa. 
The 
Covered Bonds will be registered in the relevant 
issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa 
and will be held in control accounts by the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant 
holders. Such control accounts will reflect at all 
times the aggregate number of Covered Bonds held 
in the individual securities accounts opened by the 
clients of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa 
(which may include Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). The transfer of Covered Bonds and 
their beneficial interests will be made through 
Interbolsa as well. 
Title: 
Title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by 
book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
the Portuguese Securities Code, the applicable 
CMVM regulations and Interbolsa regulations. 
Issue Price(s): 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date 
hereof will be issued in a denomination per unit 
equal to or higher than €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing. Interest 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
depending on the Interest Basis shown and as 
specified in the Final Terms (see Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond may be issued depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown and as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding 
from 
(and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on 
floating rate, each Floating Rate Covered Bond (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) bears 
interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrears on 
either: 
(i) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date (see 
Condition 4

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
(Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be issued 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (see Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
Interest period and interest rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Covered 
Bonds, as applicable, and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from 
time to time or as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to 
be listed, application will be made to Euronext or 
such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
(including regulated markets) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for the 
admission of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Lisbon or such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets (including regulated 
markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. Covered Bonds may, after 
notification by the CMVM to the supervision 
authority of the relevant Member State(s) of the EU 
in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock 
exchange(s) of any other Member States of the 
EEA. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued under the Programme. The relevant Final 
Terms will state whether or not the relevant

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) 
and/or regulated market(s). 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional 
and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally with all other mortgage covered bonds 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer. The Covered 
Bonds will qualify as mortgage covered bonds for 
the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Payments:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Covered Bonds may only be made in Euro, United 
States dollar, Japanese yen and Swiss franc until 
such date as Interbolsa accepts registration and 
clearing of securities denominated in currencies 
other than Euro, United States dollar, Japanese yen 
and Swiss franc and will be (i) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by 
the Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to 
the payment current-accounts held in the payment 
system of the Bank of Portugal by the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts 
with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current-accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Covered Bonds or to the accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, as 
applicable, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
(For further reference in respect of the methods of 
payment, see Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds). 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or extended as specified in Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date, subject to Condition 6.8 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any 
legally applicable Tax withholding or deductions 
(notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in 
Portugal), 
except 
if 
any 
Tax 
withholding 
exemption or waiver applies, in which case such 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, Taxes 
(investors being in any case required to comply 
with the applicable obligations). The Issuer will not 
be obliged to make any additional payments in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply 
the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, 
deliver certain tax certifications.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
(For further information, see Condition 7 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds). 
Rating: 
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned 
to the Issuer are Baa2/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s, BBB/F2 with stable outlook by Fitch and 
BBB/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P. 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be 
issued under the Programme may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. A rating addresses 
the likelihood that the holders of Covered Bonds 
will receive timely payments of interest and 
ultimate repayment of principal at the Maturity 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Prescription: 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless 
presented for payment within 20 years (in the case 
of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) in 
each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject 
in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 
(Payments). 
Events of default: 
Pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, if an Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer occurs, and without prejudice to the 
specific terms and conditions established for a 
particular issue of Covered Bonds, the holders of 
Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a 
majority of 2/3 of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series 
then outstanding, to determine the serving of an 
Acceleration Notice, in which case all outstanding 
Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and 
payable each at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest. 
In this precise event, the holders of Covered Bonds 
enjoy, under the Covered Bonds Law, a special 
creditor privilege over the Cover Pool (including 
the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the 
Hedging Contracts) with preference over any other 
general creditor, in relation to the repayment of 
principal and payment of interest due under the 
Covered Bonds. 
(For further information, please refer to Condition 
9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Further issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time 
without the consent of the holders of Covered 
Bonds to create and issue further securities with the 
same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon, issue date and/or purchase price and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such 
Series. 
Governing law 
The 
Common 
Representative 
Appointment 
Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, 
the Covered Bonds, and the other Programme 
Documents and any non-contractual obligations in 
connection therewith are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law 
unless specifically stated to the contrary.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may significantly affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies, which may or may not occur 
and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Covered Bonds may be jeopardised by other causes which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available or which the Issuer may not currently be 
able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision.  
Consequently, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuer views as material, specific and 
relevant for an investor to make an informed decision and are supported by the content of this Base Prospectus, 
but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones faced by it. Emerging risks and uncertainties, including 
risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may also arise or 
become material in the future, which could lead to a decline in the value of the Covered Bonds and a loss of part 
or all of the investment made by any Noteholder.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.  
In particular, potential holders of Covered Bonds are alerted to the statements under "Taxation" regarding the 
tax treatment in Portugal of income in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors must seek their own 
advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their 
Covered Bonds. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer: 
o 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment; 
o 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Business; and 
o 
Legal and Regulatory Risks; 
• 
Risk Factors Relating to the Covered Bonds: 
o 
Risks relating to the Nature of the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
o 
Risks relating to Tax and other Relevant Laws; 
o 
Risks relating to the Market generally; 
o 
Risks relating to the Structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; and 
o 
Risks Specific to Cover Pool. 
The Issuer has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category of risk is more material than any other category. Within each category, the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1. 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
1.1.1. 
COVID-19 Pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world and on 11 March 2020, the 
World Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of a pandemic. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in national and international authorities implementing numerous 
measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines 
and shutdowns of business and workplaces, and has led to materially increased volatility and declines in 
financial markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic outlook. By September 2021, 6 billion 
doses of COVID-19 vaccine had been administered across the world. In August 2021, the United Nations, 
the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the World Health Organization and the World Trade 
Organization called for international commitment and support so that every country would have vaccinated 
at least 40% of its population with at least one dose by the end of 2021. 
Portugal is now one of the countries with the world's highest vaccination rate (85% of the country's 10.3 
million population is now fully vaccinated1).  The country is now in the last un-lockdown phase: digital 
certificate ceased to be necessary to enter in restaurants, hotels and gyms group classes ; bars and clubs re-
opened, with digital certificate or negative test needed; the digital certificate will continue to be necessary 
for travel by air or sea, for visits to nursing homes or hospitals and for major cultural, sporting or recreational 
 
 
1 Source: Our World In Data, September 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
events; the use of mask will continue to be mandatory in public transport, homes, hospitals, large 
commercial surfaces and in concert halls or events such as congresses and similar activities whenever it is 
not possible to maintain the social distance. 
Until recently, the spread of virus and quarantines affected clients’ capacity to carry out their business 
operations, which consequently adversely affected the Issuer’s own capacity to carry out their business as 
normal. The current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may also have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s counterparties and/or clients, resulting in additional risks in the performance of the 
obligations assumed by them for the Issuer, as and when the same fall due, and ultimately exposing the 
Issuer to an increased number of defaults and insolvencies among their counterparties and/or clients.  
In this context, extraordinary measures to cushion the impact of COVID-19 pandemic were implemented. 
Accordingly, Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, as amended, established extraordinary 
measures for debt protection in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. Moratoria measures included: (i) 
prohibition of revocation of contracted credit lines and granted loans; (ii) extension of contracts with capital 
payment at the end of the contract; (iii) suspension of payments in respect of claims which are to be repaid 
in instalments or in respect of other instalments (and adjustment of the instalments calendar accordingly); 
and (iv) suspension of interest due during the extension period which will be capitalised into the value of 
the loan. As of 1 April 2021, except for mortgage loans, consumer credit and for beneficiaries operating in 
sectors which were particularly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, this only applies to suspension of 
capital payments which would otherwise become due. Those entities from sectors that were more heavily 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which are identified in Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, may 
benefit from an extension of the maturity of their loans until 30 September 2022. 
Interested entities were able to request access to the moratorium until 30 September 2020 (following the 
approval of Decree-Law 26/2020, of 16 June and Law 27-A/2020 of 27 July) and again between 1 January 
2021 and 31 March 2021 (following the approval of Decree-Law No. 107/2020, of 31 December), with the 
entities adhering in the latter period benefiting from a maximum moratorium period of 9 months as of their 
adherence, even if that such period extends beyond 30 September 2021. 
The Portuguese Parliament has, on 18 June 2021, approved Law 50/2021, of 30 July, on the extension of 
the moratorium for mortgage loans, consumer credit and for beneficiaries operating in sectors which were 
particularly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, for those cases where beneficiaries were already covered 
by the moratorium on 1 October 2020, until 31 December 2021, beyond the 30 September 2021 deadline 
resulting from Decree-Law No. 78-A/2020, of 29 September. However, the implementation of the measures 
established by Law 50/2021 are subject to the reactivation of the regulatory and supervisory framework 
established by the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoriums on loan payments applied 
in light of the Covid-19 crisis (Guidelines EBA/GL/2020/02). In this context, on 24 June 2021, the EBA

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
has stated that it was clear that any extension decision should have been made prior to 31 March 2021 with 
a 9-month cap on the length of the maximum duration of payment moratoria. Beyond that, the treatment 
foreseen in the EBA guidelines on moratoria cannot be applied, and institutions should hence assess 
individually, when deciding to grant further moratoria, whether the definition of forbearance and/or default 
is met. The EBA further added that while EBA fully recognises that the expiry of Guidelines 
EBA/GL/2020/02 has important implications for obligors and banks, in the current juncture, the EBA 
believes that the potential risks of further prolonging this deadline do not outweigh the potential benefits 
and that the framework already provides a high degree of flexibility. 
At the beginning of April 2021, BPI had moratoria on a total of €1.2 Bn. in loans (of which €1.0 Bn in 
mortgage loans) came to an end. 
At 30 June 2021, BPI had an outstanding moratorium of €3.9 Bn. (of which €1.6 Bn. corresponds to principal 
and interest and represents 15% of the loan portfolio. On the same date, 98 per cent. of the loan moratoria 
were performing, divided by mortgage loans (corresponding to €1.5 Bn. of which 99.2% were performing) 
and corporate loans (corresponding to €2.4 Bn.€ of which 97.1% were performing). 
At 30 September 2021, 97.5 per cent. of the loan moratoria attributed by BPI were in a regular situation 
(loans classified in stage 1 and stage 2). At the end of September, moratoria on a total of 3.6 Bn.€ in loans 
(of which 1.4 Bn.€ in mortgage loans) came to an end. Given these loans’ performance so far, no 
deterioration in the quality of BPI's credit portfolio is expected. 
There remain outstanding moratoria on 117 M.€ of loans covered by the additional extension of the 
suspension of principal repayments until 31 December 2021.  
On 29 July 2021, the Portuguese Council of Ministers has approved Decree-Law No. 70-B/2021, of 6 
August, being enacted on 4 August 2021, establishing protective measures for banking clients covered by 
exceptional and temporary credit protection measures, such as moratorium for mortgage loans or consumer 
credits. The aforementioned Decree-Law stipulates that credit institutions, financial companies, payment 
institutions and electronic money institutions, which have entered into credit agreements concerning real 
estate secured by mortgage or consumer credit agreements shall perform a special monitoring process of 
banking clients who have benefited, before the entry into force of Decree-Law No. 70-B/2021, from an 
exceptional credit protection measure under Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020 or a private general moratorium on 
payments.  
In addition, for banking clients currently benefiting from an exceptional credit protection measure under 
Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, credit institutions, financial companies, payment institutions and electronic 
money institutions shall:  
(a) 
Up to 30 days prior to the date of termination of the effects of the exceptional measure, promote the 
necessary diligence whenever they detect any signs of deterioration in the banking client’s financial capacity

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
to comply with the credit agreement or whenever the banking client transmits any fact that indicates a 
potential risk of default; and 
(b) 
Make proposal that are appropriate to the financial situation, objectives and needs of the banking 
client, such as:  
(i) 
The celebration of a new credit agreement with the purpose of refinancing the debt of the existing 
credit agreement; 
(ii) 
The amendment of one or more conditions of the credit agreement (e.g., the extension of repayment 
period, the establishment of a grace period for repayment of principal or repayment of principal and interest, 
the deferral of part of the principal to an instalment at future date or the reduction of the applicable interest 
rate during a certain period of time; or 
(iii) 
The consolidation of several credit agreements. 
Accordingly to the aforementioned, it is considered as signs of deterioration in the banking client’s financial 
capacity to comply with the obligations arising from the credit agreement: (i) the existence of defaults 
registered in the Bank of Portugal’s Central Credit Responsibilities; (ii) the return and inhibition of the use 
of cheque and the corresponding insertion in the list of cheque users who offer risk; (iii) the existence of tax 
and social security debts; (iv) insolvency; (v) the existence of legal proceedings and litigation; (vi) the 
pledging of bank accounts; (vii) being unemployed, loss of income or significant unfavorable evolution in 
the performance of the economic sector in which the bank customer does business; and (viii) the existence 
of defaults on other agreements entered into with the credit institution. 
Decree-Law No. 70-B/2021 also allows banking clients who benefit or have benefitted from exceptional 
credit protection measures to have access to and be included in the extrajudicial procedure for the 
regularisation of default situations. 
Depending on the depth and extent of the disruptive impacts which are still to ascertain, the Issuer’s business 
and profitability may be affected to a greater or lesser degree. The exceptional circumstances and extensive 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the measures taken from time to time by the Portuguese 
Government or adopted by the Issuer at its own initiative to address this situation, notably those relating to 
moratoria on loans granted to individuals and companies, permitting borrowers to postpone regular 
payments for certain periods, to the extent applicable, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s profits 
and financial position, thereby affecting the Issuer’s ability to make the payments under the Covered Bonds. 
1.1.2. 
Risks arising from unfavorable global economic conditions may have a corresponding effect on 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
The deterioration of the European economy outlook as a whole or of any of the individual countries remains 
a risk that could adversely affect the cost and availability of funding for Portuguese and European

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
companies, including the Issuer and its Group.  
In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic that unfolded in Europe in early 2020, posed unprecedented health, 
economic, and financial stability challenges. Following the COVID-19 outbreak, the prices of risk assets 
collapsed, and market volatility increased, while expectations of widespread defaults led to a surge in 
borrowing costs. The global economy is now recovering with vaccine access and early policy support as the 
principal drivers. However, the vaccination process is very unequal around the world, meaning that the risks 
of new more aggressive variants appearing will continue in the near future: the percentage of population in 
advanced economies with complete vaccination stood at 58%2 but in emerging markets or low income 
countries the proportion is much lower: respectively 36% and 5% . Hence, the rapid spread of variant Delta 
and the threat of new variants have increased uncertainty about how quickly the pandemic can be overcome 
and policy choices have become more difficult, confronting multidimensional challenges—subdued 
employment growth, rising inflation, the setback to human capital accumulation and supply disruptions. 
According to the IMF, the global economy is projected to grow 5.9 percent in 2021 and 4.9 percent in 2022.  
Beyond 2022 global growth is projected to moderate to about 3.3 percent over the medium term.3  
In addition, on 31 January 2020 at 11pm (GMT) (“exit day”), the UK left the EU. Prior to exit day and 
pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of the withdrawal agreement between the UK and the EU (the 
“Withdrawal Agreement”), the UK entered an implementation period (“IP”) focused on negotiating the 
terms of its future relationship with the EU. During this period which ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm 
(“IP completion day”), EU law generally continued to apply in the UK. Following negotiations, on 24 
December 2020, the UK and EU concluded a free trade agreement known as the ‘EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement’ (the “TCA”), to govern the future relations between the EU and the UK following 
the end of the transition period. The TCA was signed on 30 December 2020. The TCA has provisional 
application until the EU and UK complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council 
ratified the TCA. The TCA does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of 
regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. Following the IP 
Completion Day, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The EUWA (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in 
 
 
2 Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, October 2021. 
3 Source: IMF Word Economic Outlook, October 2021.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
the UK.  
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the TCA by the EU and 
the UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain significant uncertainties with 
regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. There is a risk of one or more EU 
Member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of 
EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A 
materialisation of these risks could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and 
the stability of international financial markets. This could include further volatility in equity markets and in 
the value of pounds sterling and/or the Euro, a reduction in global market liquidity with a potential negative 
impact on asset prices, operating results and capital, and the market value and/or liquidity of the Covered 
Bonds in the secondary market. Furthermore, if an EU Member State that adopted the Euro as its national 
currency decides to exit the Eurozone and adopt an alternative currency, there is uncertainty regarding how 
a Member State would carry out such exit and subsequently manage its current assets and liabilities 
denominated in Euros and the exchange rate between the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse 
of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the EU’s economic and financial situation with a 
significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign 
loans and loans to businesses, and considerable changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. 
This situation could have a negative impact on the Issuer’ operating results and capital and financial position 
and/or the Issuer’s ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Covered Bonds, as well as the market 
value and/or liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market. Factors such as interest rates, securities 
prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer spending, changes in client behaviour, 
business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, government spending, inflation or 
deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events and trends, terrorism, pandemics 
and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies all impact the economy and financial markets, 
whether direct or indirect, such as by increasing sovereign debt of certain countries which may result in 
increased volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results and financial condition and ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms 
acceptable to the Issuer. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global economy, 
with a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
1.1.3. 
Economic activity in Portugal may adversely affect the business and performance of the 
Issuer 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding the political scenario may also 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, a potential increase in geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
and the sooner than expected withdrawal of economic stimuli (both on the monetary and fiscal field) and/or 
the de-anchoring of long term inflation expectations pose additional challenges to the stability of the global 
financial system and to the Portuguese economy.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact, namely, on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds 
under the Programme; and (ii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on 
the business of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by 
the evolution of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of 
borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the 
Portuguese economy and market interest rates.  
Several challenges persist as private and public debt levels remain high and productivity remains structurally 
low, preventing the country to rapidly converge towards European peers’ living standards.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, and may adversely affect its 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. The adverse macroeconomic 
conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the behaviour and 
the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and demand of the products and 
services that the Issuer has to offer. In particular, limited growth in customer loans is expected in the coming 
years, which may make it difficult for the Issuer to generate enough interest income to maintain its net 
interest margin. Additionally, an environment of extremely low or even negative interest rates is expected 
to continue, which limits the Issuer's ability to increase net interest margin and profitability, given that the 
majority of the Issuer's loan portfolio is composed of floating interest rate loans.  
Although, since 2015, the Portuguese economy has shown features that seem to support expectations of 
sustained growth in economic activity and the degree of openness of the economy substantially increased 
since 2015, the COVID-19 pandemic has interrupted the positive cyle and Portugal’s Gross Domestic

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Product (“GDP”) fell 8.4 per cent. in 20204. The gradual lifting of containment measures as a result of 
progression made in the rolling out of vaccination programmes and other relative pandemic controls is likely 
to result in the recovery of economic activity during 2021 and onwards. Portugal’s economy is on track for 
a sound recovery beginning in the second quarter of 2021, along with the gradual relaxation of pandemic 
restrictions. GDP rose by 4.5% qoq in the second quarter after a drop of 3.3% during the strict lockdown in 
the first quarter of the year. A further increase in growth is expected in the third quarter, with the (still 
incomplete)recovery of tourism in Portugal, especially the domestic tourism. In full-year terms, domestic 
demand is expected to contribute the most to GDP growth in both 2021 and 2022. Despite mobility 
restrictions and overall, GDP is forecast to increase by 4.4% in 2021 and 5.1% in 20225, meaning a complete 
recovery to pre-Covid levels will be probably reached by the end of 2022, later than European peers but 
similar to countries in the periphery, more exposed to tourism and with still important imbalances at macro 
level.  
The macroeconomic conditions in Portugal could affect the behaviour and the financial condition of the 
Issuer’s clients and, consequently, the demand for the products and services that the Issuer offers. In 
particular, the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic poses significant risks of an increased unemployment 
rate, low profitability, and a steep increase in the level of company indebtedness, having longer-term adverse 
effects on the global economy and financial sector. 
A negative development of any of the above factors may adversely affect the business and performance of 
the Issuer. 
1.1.4. 
The impact of the financial and credit crisis may have an adverse effect on the business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects of the Issuer 
The capital and credit markets have experienced several periods of volatility and disruption, since 2008. 
The market dislocations have led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing 
widespread liquidation of assets and further constraining the credit markets. These asset sales, along with 
asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, have driven down prices and 
valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on 
 
 
4 Source: INE, Quarterly National Accounts, May 2021. 
5 Source: IMF World Economic Outlook October 2021.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on the balance sheet of the Issuer, and reduces its 
ability to sell assets at prices deemed acceptable.  
If current levels of market volatility worsen significantly, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital markets 
and obtain the necessary funding to support its business activities on acceptable terms may be adversely 
affected. Among other things, an inability to refinance assets on the balance sheet or maintain appropriate 
levels of capital to protect against deteriorations in their value could force the Issuer to liquidate assets held 
at depressed prices or on unfavourable terms.  
These factors could have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operation or prospects of the Issuer. 
1.2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
1.2.1. 
The inability of clients and other counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the 
Issuer’s inability to fully enforce its rights against counterparties could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s results 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to 
the credit risk of its other counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the repayment of 
loans and amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s 
businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general 
deterioration in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in financial 
systems, could affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in 
the Issuer’s provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would have a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition and capital position of the Issuer and/or the Group and on 
the results of the Issuer and/or the Group’s operations.  
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/ or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades and 
disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and 
illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
and results.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer’s total credit risk exposure was €37,964 million (€36,264 million as at 31 
December 2020). The balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) amounted to €570 million as at 30 
June2021, representing 1.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s gross credit exposure (EBA criteria).  
1.2.2. 
Market Risk faced by the Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results 
The Issuer’s businesses by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected by 
conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through 
their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various financial instruments 
which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities between those assets. 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by BPI’s 
risk division. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects 
that such changes could have on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The most significant market risk the Issuer faces is the interest rate risk. Changes in interest rate levels, yield 
curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. The 
Issuer has implemented risk management methods intended to mitigate and control this and other market 
risks, and exposure to such risks is constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to predict 
with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes 
could have on the Issuer’s business activity, financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity.  
The impact of a change in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and/or 
net interest income. As at 31 December 2020, a decrease in interest rates by 2 percentage points would have 
led to a decrease in the expected financial margin of the bank portfolio of approximately 10.9 per cent.  
1.2.3. 
Implications of a negative EURIBOR on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential 
real estate property

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Portuguese Parliament has approved a law under which banking institutions are obliged to reflect 
negative index interest rates in the calculation of loan interest rates in consumer and residential loan 
agreements. Law 32/2018, of 18 July (the “Negative Interest Rate Law”), amends Decree-Law no. 74-
A/2017, of 23 June (the “Residential Loans Law”), which partially transposed EU Directive 2014/17 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February, on credit agreements for consumers relating to 
residential immovable property (the “Residential Loans Directive”). 
The Negative Interest Rate Law establishes that negative index interest rates have to be deducted from the 
principal amounts of outstanding debts. This law also offers banks the possibility of attributing their clients 
a credit corresponding to the negative interest rate, which may subsequently be set-off against positive 
interest rates.  
The Issuer has decided to apply the first option, i.e., to deduct the negative index interest rates from the 
principal amounts of outstanding debts. 
The Negative Interest Rate Law applies to loans which are currently in place, irrespective of specific 
contractual clauses.  
The Issuer cannot predict how this law may affect Issuer results as well as the cash flows of the loans in the 
Cover Pool. This may negatively affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operation or 
prospects. 
1.2.4. 
Operational Risks faced by the Issuer such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of 
security, cyber-attacks, human error, changes in operational practices, inadequate controls 
including in respect of third parties with which the Issuer does business, may adversely impact 
its reputation, business and results 
Operational risk represents the risk of losses or of a negative impact on the relationship with clients or other 
stakeholders resulting from inadequate or negligent application of internal procedures, or from people 
behaviour, information systems, or external events. Operational risk also includes the business/strategic risk 
(i.e., the risk of losses through fluctuations in volume, business, earnings, prices or costs) and legal risk (i.e. 
the risk of losses arising from non-compliance with the regulations in force or resulting from legal action). 
The Issuer's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document 
transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures (including due to a computer virus or a 
failure to anticipate or prevent cyber-attacks or other attempts to gain unauthorised access to digital systems 
for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or impairing operational

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
performance, or security breaches by third parties), natural disasters or the failure of external systems such 
as, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties.  
In addition, the Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information 
technology (IT) systems. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware 
malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centers. IT systems need regular 
upgrading and banks, including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely 
basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry 
operations from cyberattacks could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive 
information. A breach of sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant 
reputational impact and significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. These threats are increasingly 
sophisticated and any failure to execute the Issuer’s risk management and control policies successfully, 
particularly, any loss in the integrity and resilience of key systems and processes, data thefts, cyber-attacks, 
denial of service attacks or breaches of data protection requirements, may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened, namely during current COVID-19 
pandemic, because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, 
its plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels, and its plans to develop 
additional remote connectivity solutions to serve its customers. The Issuer may incur increasing costs in 
seeking to minimise these risks and could be held liable for any security breach or data loss. 
1.2.5. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB for funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or 
from the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk).  
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB’s 
eligibility criteria. 
Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of short and medium/long-term liquidity coverage 
ratios, known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR 
addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs in a severe stress 
scenario.  
The LCR and NSFR of the Issuer, computed in line with the CRD IV standards and EBA guidelines, was 
286 per cent. and 153 per cent., respectively, as at 30 June 2021.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced that institutions would be allowed to substantially and temporarily 
use their liquidity buffers, including LCR, as part of a package of measures to mitigate the negative effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy (see the risk factors entitled “Economic activity in Portugal 
may adversely affect the business and performance of the Issuer” and COVID-19 Pandemic and potential 
similar future outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to make payments”). The Issuer’s 
LCR may reduce during 2021, eventually below 100 per cent. Should this occur or be expected to occur at 
any time, the Issuer will have to submit to the competent authorities a plan for the timely restoration of 
compliance with the legally prescribed minimum ratios. 
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer had €4.9 billion of funding from the ECB (€4.42 
billion in 31 December 2020 and €1.38 billion in December 2019). As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer’s portfolio 
of securities eligible for rediscount with the ECB was of €11.4 billion (€11.0 billion in 31 December 2020 
compared to €9.3 billion as at 31 December 2019).  
In March 2019, the ECB announced that a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing 
operations (“TLTRO-III”) would be launched, starting in September 2019 and ending in March 2021, each 
with a maturity of two years to help preserve favourable bank lending conditions and the smooth 
transmission of monetary policy. On 12 March 2020, in the context of the spread of the COVID-19, the 
ECB further announced the easing of conditions for TLTRO III operations. These more favourable 
conditions are aimed at supporting bank lending to those most affected by the pandemic, particularly 
households and small and medium-sized enterprises. The eased conditions include: 
(a) 
lower interest rates from June 2020 to June 2021 for all TLTRO III operations outstanding during 
that period; 
(b) 
raised borrowing allowance; and 
(c) 
removal of bid limit per operation on all future operations. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had a total ECB financing amount of €4.86 billion, 
corresponding entirely to funds raised under TLTRO III.  
On 18 March 2020, the ECB announced its decision to launch a temporary asset purchase programme of 
private and public sector securities of up to €750,000,000,000 to protect monetary policy transmission in 
the Eurozone (the “PEPP”). Purchases under PEPP will be conducted until the end of 2020. The ECB also 
expanded the range of eligible assets under the corporate sector purchase programme (“CSPP”), which now 
includes non-financial commercial paper of sufficient credit quality.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
On 7 April 2020, the ECB further announced the relaxation of collateral eligibility requirements for 
participation in liquidity providing operations, including TLTRO III operations, such as: 
(a) 
temporary increase in the maximum share of unsecured debt instruments issued by credit 
institutions; 
(b) 
waiver of the minimum credit quality requirement for marketable debt instruments issued by 
Greece for acceptance as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations, subject to specific margin 
assessments; and 
(c) 
temporary increase in its risk tolerance level in credit operations through a general reduction of 
collateral valuation haircuts. 
On 30 April 2020, the ECB further eased TLTRO III operations, notably by reducing the interest rate on 
these operations from June 2020 to June 2021. The ECB also introduced a series of non-targeted pandemic 
emergency longer-term refinancing operations seven refinancing offerings commencing in May 2020 and 
maturing from July to September 2021.  
On 10 December 2020, the ECB decided to extend the period of reduction of interest rate on TLTRO III 
until June 2022, subject to the achievment by the banks of a new lending performance target, to introduce 
three additional refiniancing operations between June and December 2021 and to raise the total amount that 
Eurosystem counterparties are entitled to borrow in TLTRO III from 50 per cent to 55 per cent of their stock 
of eligible loans. 
Bearing in mind that the measures announced from 12 March 2020 are only temporary and specifically 
aimed at tackling the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy, the duration, extent and 
continued existence of ECB liquidity support cannot be predicted. If it were to be withdrawn or reduced, 
the Issuer would need to find alternative sources of funding, which it may not be as attractive or even 
available. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due. 
1.2.6. 
The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be 
able to increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
Structural changes in the Portuguese economy over the past several years have significantly increased 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector.  
The Issuer faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, banking, 
investment banking, specialised credit and asset management). The competitors of the Issuer in the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Portuguese market are Portuguese commercial banks, savings and investment banks and foreign banks that 
entered the Portuguese market. The principal competitors of the Issuer in the banking sector (ranking in 
terms of assets as at 30 June 2021) are Banco Santander Totta, Caixa Geral de Depósitos, the Millennium 
BCP and the Novo Banco. 
Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Portuguese banks have resulted in a significant concentration 
of market share.  
Competition could also increase due to new entrants (including non-bank and financial technology 
competitors) in the markets in which the Issuer operates that may have new operating models that are not 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations and that are subject to reduced regulation. New entrants 
may rely on new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory 
burden and/or faster processes in order to challenge traditional banks. Developments in technology have 
also accelerated the use of new business models and the Issuer may not be successful in adapting to this 
pace of change or may incur significant costs in adapting its business and operations to meet such changes. 
In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector resulting from new banking, lending 
and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers and new entrants, in particular 
with respect to payment services and products (e.g. Fintechs), and the introduction of disruptive technology, 
may impede the Issuer’s ability to grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to compete effectively in some or all segments in which it 
operates, or that it will be able to maintain or increase the level of its results of operations. 
Additionally, the business, earnings and financial condition of the Issuer have been affected by the crisis in 
the global financial markets and the global economic outlook. The earnings and financial condition of the 
Issuer have been, and their respective future earnings and financial condition are likely to continue to be, 
affected by depressed asset valuations resulting from poor market conditions. The actual or perceived failure 
or worsening credit of other financial institutions and counterparties could adversely affect the Issuer.  
 
1.2.7. 
International Financial equity holdings and currency risk 
The Issuer holds financial investments in two African banks: 48.1 per cent. stake in Banco de Fomento 
Angola (“BFA”) capital, which operates in commercial banking in Angola and a 35.7 per cent. stake in 
Banco Comercial e de Investimentos (“BCI”), which operates in commercial banking in Mozambique.  
The Issuer's international equity holdings are exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or 
economic developments in the countries in which it operates. These factors could have a material adverse

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its results of operations. 
In addition, international equity holdings are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which is reflected mainly in 
the statements of income and in the balance sheets of BFA and BCI. It is relevant for these purposes the 
changes in the exchange rates of local currencies against the euro and in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar 
against the euro, due to the high use of the U.S. dollar in these economies, which explains that a significant 
share of business customer is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
Consequently, even if the amount of revenues, costs and profits of the Issuer’s Group remain unchanged in 
local currency, changes in exchange rates may affect the amount of income, costs and profits declared in 
the statement of income of the Issuer’s Group.  
The currency exposure of the Issuer results mainly from the banking activity of BFA in Angola, but also, 
although to a much lesser extent, the activity of BCI in Mozambique. The currency of Angola is the Kwanza, 
but the high use of the U.S. dollar in the Angolan economy explains that a considerable share of business 
with clients of BFA is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
A substantial portion of revenue and costs are thus expressed in U.S. dollars or indexed to it. 
If the value of the euro was to rise significantly against other currencies, especially the U.S. dollar and the 
Kwanza, the values of equity method consolidated income expressed in these currencies would translate 
into relatively lower values when converted to euros. 
Risk of changes in the organization of partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the 
Issuer’s Group 
There are some activities of the Issuer’s Group which are partially related to partnerships in various activities 
with other companies that are not under the control of the Issuer’s Group, in particular the activities of 
bancassurance. These activities depend in part on such partners which the Issuer’s Group does not control. 
A change in any of these partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the Issuer’s Group.  
1.3. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
1.3.1. 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental 
oversight. Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry and, accordingly, could be adversely affected by 
regulatory changes in Portugal, the EU or foreign countries in which it operates. Although the Issuer works 
closely with its regulators and continually monitors this situation, future changes in regulation, taxation or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond its control. Extensive regulation by, among others, the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
ECB, the Bank of Portugal, EBA, ESMA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
(“EIOPA”), the CMVM and the Insurance and Pensions Funds Supervisory Authority (“ASF”), as well as 
other supervisory authorities, from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities could 
hinder the Issuer’s growth by increasing compliance costs and/or reducing profitability.  
Those regulations are complex and its fulfilment entails high costs as regards time spending and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may cause damages to the Issuer’s 
reputation, application of penalties and even loss of authorization to carry out its activities.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 
October 2014, and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) 
no. 648/2012 (as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD 
IV/CRR reinforced the capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g. CET1 
ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes 
general rules, supervision powers, and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having 
also introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the conditions 
to be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 3.5 
per cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 2 per cent. of 
RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. of 
RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
As of 30 June 2021, Issuer’s capital ratios were: the CET1 ratio reached 14.3 per cent., the Tier 1 ratio 15.8 
per cent., the total capital ratio 17.4 per cent. and the leverage ratio stood at 7.2 per cent..  
With a view to incorporating flexibility to accounting and prudential rules, the European Commission 
proposed a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to maximise 
banks’ ability to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 2020/873 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 24 June, entered into force setting out exceptional temporary 
measures to alleviate the immediate negative impact of COVID-19 related developments, by adapting the 
timeline of application of international accounting standards to banks' capital, by treating more favourably 
public guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
buffer, by setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility 
in central government debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by modifying the 
exclusion of certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, by advancing the date of application 
of several agreed measures that encourage banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects, 
and by aligning the minimum coverage requirements for non-performing loans that benefit from public 
guarantees with those benefitting from guarantees granted by official export credit agencies. 
In order to comply with the applicable ratios, the Issuer’s Group may be requested in the future to issue 
additional liabilities subject to bail-in provisions. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and 
disclosure requirements (as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, 
and capital conservation measures (as amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduce a new market 
risk framework, revisions to the large exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that 
institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in 
accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD 
IV and requires national transposition of the majority of its provisions by 28 December 2020. 
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and 
the use of standardised models, rather than banks' internal models, for the calculation of capital 
requirements. Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions will also be subject to more 
burdensome capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. The BRRD2 should have 
been transposed into domestic laws by 28 December 2020. Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to 
the implementation of the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. 
The TLAC standard requires global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and 
liabilities (as a percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb 
losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public 
consultation on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM 
III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit 
guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two 
main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical 
feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for 
changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures 
to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no 
creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and 
DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. Under the new legal framework, there is the risk 
that the Issuer is not able to comply with stricter and more demanding regulatory requirements regarding 
capital, liquidity, leverage, and others in a timely manner. A failure to comply with the applicable 
regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer as it could result in damages to the Issuer’s 
reputation, administrative action, application of penalties or regulatory sanctions, and even loss of 
authorisation to carry out its activities. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer’s control.  
1.3.2. 
Borrower’s protection laws may limit the Issuer’s actions and have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; 
and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures 
that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower’s 
protection are expected to continue in the future.  
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s rights

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
with respect to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
1.3.3. 
The Issuer is subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the 
procedures and measures available for any resolution of the Issuer, including the bail-in tool 
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a Directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip national 
authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms and 
to minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include: 
(a) 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for banks to have recovery and 
resolution plans); 
(b) 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
(c) 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services 
and manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the 
authorities consider an institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to public 
interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2015, of 
26 March, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended or supersed), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory 
intervention and resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.  
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
when, in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending Regulation 
(EU) No 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the Bank of Portugal’s powers as resolution authority in 
relation to certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, were transferred to the resolution authority within 
the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation - the “Single Resolution Board”. 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
(i) 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or 
other ownership instruments or of some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution, without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer;  
(ii) 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party;  
(iii) 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, 
by decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution 
or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge 
institution. Asset management vehicles are legal persons fully or partially owned by the relevant 
resolution fund; 
(iv) 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law (other than, for instance, covered

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds). In exceptional circumstances, when the 
bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain 
liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. This exception shall apply 
when strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements provided 
by law. Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers 
that an institution and/or certain other members of the institution's group meet the following 
conditions (“Resolution Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that such failure will be avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the 
adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other members of its group, the application 
of early intervention measures or of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), 
(c) a resolution action pursues any of the public interests listed below and (d) which would not be 
pursued more effectively by the commencement of winding-up proceedings against the relevant 
institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses 
are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of 
creditors under normal insolvency proceedings. Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of 
an institution’s shareholders or of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items 
and assets under management to be sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on 
shareholders and on the Issuer’s Group expected returns and an indirect impact through changes to the 
institution’s business activities.  
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the 
Issuer), such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including 
limiting its capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the 
cancellation, modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and/or in other modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Programme Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools, where the 
resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the 
resolution authority to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general 
bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to 
exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that 
institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities 
to permanently write-down or convert into equity (CET1 instruments) capital instruments such as Tier 2 
instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such 
institution's group and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is when any of the following 
conditions is met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer 
be viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the 
resolution tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of the Issuer Group 
entities could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory 
conversion tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their 
cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity 
could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Covered Bonds 
and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy their obligations under the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the 
Covered Bonds should consider the risk of losing their full investment, including principal and any accrued 
interest, if resolution measures are applied. 
1.3.4. 
The Issuer may not be able to issue certain MREL-eligible instruments and therefore be either 
unable to meet its MREL or capital requirements 
In accordance with Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet an Minimum 
Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL”) requirement set by Bank of Portugal.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
However, in order to meet in the future MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible 
instruments, affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides 
having the capacity to restrain the Issuer’s strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer’s liabilities, 
in particular, without limitation, to the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively 
affect the Issuer’s earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of 
ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU regarding the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy was 
transposed into the Portuguese legal framework by Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019 which, in addition 
to governing the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, providing greater legal 
certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits vis-a-vis 
unsecured senior debt. 
On 4 February 2021 the Bank of Portugal notified the Issuer about the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities. Under the new Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, as from 1 January 2022, 
the Issuer, on a sub-consolidated basis, must comply with the MREL requirement of 19.05% of RWA 
(including CBR - combined buffer requirement) and 5.91% of the total leverage ratio exposure (LRE), and, 
as from 1 January 2024, with the MREL requirement of 23.95% of RWA (including CBR). As at 30 June 
2021, the MREL ratio to the LRE is 9.1 (9.3% in 31 December 2020). 
The Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse market 
conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply with 
the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned instruments, 
there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those instruments at a 
higher premium. These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, 
financial condition and results of operation or prospects of the Issuer. 
1.3.5. 
The impact on BPI of the resolution measures occurred in the past in Portugal and funding of 
possible future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, of 10 
February (the “Resolution Fund”). The Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from the institutions 
participating in the Resolution Fund and contributions from the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial 
share capital of €4.9 billion. Of this amount, €300 million corresponded to the Resolution Fund’s own

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
financial resources, €3.9 billion resulted from a loan granted by the Portuguese State (the “2014 Portuguese 
State Loan”), €700 million from a loan granted by a group of credit institutions that are members of the 
Resolution Fund including the Issuer (the “Participants’ Loan”). The Issuer’s share of the Participants’ 
Loan was of 116.2 million.  
In January 2013, Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. (“Banif”) was recapitalised by the Portuguese State 
in the amount of €1,100 million (€700 million under the form of special shares and €400 million in hybrid 
instruments). This recapitalisation plan also included a capital increase by private investors in the amount 
of €450 million, which was concluded in June 2014. Since then, Banif reimbursed the Portuguese State of 
€275 million of hybrid instruments, but was not able to reimburse a € 25 million tranche in December 2014.  
Banif’s sale process was previous initiated, but on 19 December 2015 the Ministry of Finance informed the 
Bank of Portugal that such voluntary sale was not feasible and thus the sale would have to be made in the 
context of a resolution procedure, as described below.  
On 20 December 2015, the sale of the business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco 
Santander Totta, S.A. (“Banco Santander Totta”) for the amount of €150 million was announced. 
Accordingly, the overall activity of Banif was transferred to Banco Santander Totta except for the assets 
transferred to an asset management vehicle (Oitante, S.A.) set up in the context of the application by the 
Bank of Portugal of the aforementioned resolution measure. This transaction involved an estimated public 
support of €2,255 million to cover future contingencies, of which €489 million was provided by the 
Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State (the 
“2015 Portuguese State Loan”)) and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the 
determination of the assets and liabilities to be sold as agreed between the Portuguese authorities, European 
bodies and Banco Santander Totta. 
The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. 
In June 2021, and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, Issuer’s Resolution Fund 
periodic contribution amount totalled €8.5 million.  
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector, as at 30 June 2021, the Issuer paid €18.8 million which 
were transferred by the Portuguese State to the Resolution Fund. 
The periodic contribution created within the scope of BRRD transposition paid by the Issuer as of 30 June 
2021 was €10.7 million, including contributions collected under the combined terms of the scheme

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
transposing BRRD and the SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM, which was therefore 
almost entirely transferred to the SRF under Intergovernmental Agreement.  
On 31 May 2021, the Portuguese Resolution Fund signed a credit line with a group of Portuguese financial 
institutions of up to € 475 million, of which BPI participation is up to €87.4 million. On 4 June 2021, the 
Portuguese Resolution Fund withdrew €317 million in order to comply with Novo Banco’s contingent 
capital mechanism, of which € 58.3 million from BPI. An additional payment from the Portuguese 
Resolution Fund to Novo Banco is still under analysis. 
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated, as there is the 
risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled.  
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors’ 
and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant 
thereto.  
1.3.6. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets 
As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) of €233 million (as at 31 
December 2020: €265 million), of which €55 million were not dependent on future profitability (as at 31 
December 2020: €110 million).  
According to current legislation, if the Issuer incurs losses, there is the risk that the Portuguese Government 
will become a shareholder of Banco BPI by virtue of the DTA conversion into ordinary shares. 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the 
DTA could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and 
results. 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
2.1. 
Risks relating to the Nature of the Covered Bonds 
2.1.1. 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds will not result in any right of the holders to accelerate 
payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose 
Unless the rating provided by the Rating Agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of 
the Programme is adversely affected by such provisions, an Extended Maturity Date will apply to each 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem at par all of 
those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Covered Bonds will automatically be extended on a monthly basis for up to one year to the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may 
redeem at par all or part of the principal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject 
as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. In that event also, the interest payable on the principal 
amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and such 
interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. The extension of the maturity of the principal amount 
outstanding of those Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result 
in any right of the holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute 
an event of default for any purpose and no payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that 
event other than as set out in the Terms and Conditions (see Terms and Conditions) as amended by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2.1.2. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) available not only to the 
holders of a Series 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme whether outstanding at the date 
hereof or in the future benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) over all 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds 
(see Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The Covered Bonds Law establishes that the Common 
Representative and any Hedge Counterparties at the date hereof and in the future are also preferred creditors 
of the Issuer also benefit from the above-mentioned special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório 
especial”). 
None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of 
the holders of certain Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred 
Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the future. 
2.2. 
Risks relating to Tax and other Relevant Laws 
2.2.1. 
The new covered bonds regulation may trigger the need to make some adjustments on the 
Programme 
On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published a Proposal for a Directive of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the issue of covered bonds and their public supervision, amending 
Directive 2009/65/EC and Directive 2014/59/EU. In November 2019, the European Parliament and the 
Council adopted the legislative package with a new covered bonds directive and regulation. The new 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
“CBD”) and the new Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 were published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 
January 2020.  
The CBD must be implemented into national regulation by 8 July 2021 and covered bond issuers must begin 
applying such implementing regulation from 8 July 2022, at the latest. The CBD replaces current Article 
52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (the 
“UCITS Directive”) and establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU 
regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise when 
implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, which amends Article 129 of the CRR, will be directly applicable in the EU 
from 8 July 2022. It further strengthens the criteria applicable to covered bonds that benefit from preferential 
capital treatment under the CRR regime and adds requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and 
substitution assets. However, given that certain elements of this new regime will require transposition 
through national laws, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to its precise effect on the Covered 
Bonds. 
It should also be noted that the CBD provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to certain 
requirements of the new regime for Article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds issued before 
8 July 2022 and includes an option for EU Member States to allow tap issues of grandfathered covered 
bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided that such issues comply with certain prescribed 
requirements. Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of these changes (and any 
corresponding national implementing measures) in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable 
to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
2.2.2. 
Risks related to withholding tax 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Covered Bonds integrated in and held through a centralised 
system managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration 
of Securities ("Central de Valores Mobiliários"), managed by Interbolsa), by other European Union or EEA 
entities that manage international clearing systems (in the latter case if there is administrative co-operation 
for tax purposes with the relevant country which is equivalent to that in place within the European Union), 
or, when authorised by the member of the government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), 
in other centralised systems held by non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the 
debt securities special tax exemption regime which was approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 
November 2005, as amended ("the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005") may benefit

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
from withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements are 
complied with.  
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others, will result in the application of the 
relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation to gross 
up by the Issuer.  
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Covered Bonds is paid or made 
available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf 
of undisclosed entities (e.g. typically "jumbo" accounts) such income will be subject to withholding tax in 
Portugal at a rate of 35% unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed. Failure by the investors to 
comply with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the said Portuguese withholding tax 
at a rate of 35% and the Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any withheld accounts 
in accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation).  
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or legal 
persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that are 
domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial Order 
No. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (hereafter "Ministerial Order No. 
150/2004"), is subject to withholding tax at 35%, which is the final tax on that income, unless the special 
regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005 applies and the beneficial owners are central banks and 
government agencies, international organisations recognised by the Portuguese state, residents in a country 
or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange 
agreement in force.  
The Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any of such non-resident holders, in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation).  
2.3. 
Risks relating to the Market generally 
2.3.1. 
The lack of a profitable secondary market 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered 
Bonds. 
2.3.2. Ratings of the Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, withdrawn 
or qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks discussed in this section and any other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any such 
lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
price of the Covered Bonds. 
Ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of the interest due 
on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and of the ultimate payment of principal in 
relation to the Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. Ratings only address the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks are 
not addressed, but may have a significant effect on yield for investors. Due to the methodology used by the 
main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. 
If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating is likely to be downgraded by an 
equivalent amount. 
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) 
may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Covered Bonds from any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. However, there can be no assurance as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Covered 
Bonds and what rating it may assign the Covered Bonds.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa2/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s, BBB/F2 with negative outlook by Fitch and BBB/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P. 
2.4. 
Risks relating to the Structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. Covered Bonds may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors who should consider the terms of the Covered Bonds 
before investing. 
2.4.1. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their nominal amount tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
2.4.2. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered 
Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
will be redeemed proportionally. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2.4.3. 
Risks related to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear a variable interest income. A holder of a Floating Rate Covered Bond is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate 
levels make it impossible to determine the yield of a Floating Rate Covered bond in advance. 
2.4.4. 
Risks for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if marker rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
2.4.5. 
Risks related to Covered Bond which are linked to “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”) and EURIBOR) have been the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented, with 
further changes being anticipated. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce or increase the rate or 
level, or affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to 
benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
On 21 January 2019, the working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for 
fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 23 November 2020, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. The final recommendations have been published on 11 May 2021 and states that, inter alia, contracts 
and financial instruments referencing EURIBOR should include provision covering trigger events related 
to permanent cessation, temporary non-availability and non-representativeness and that trigger events 
should be objectively drafted in precise terms and refer to events made publicly available by the regulatory 
supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator. Finally, the final recommendations further state that market 
participants should seek consistency and use the same trigger events for all assets classes when developing 
and introducing fallback provisions in different financial instruments and contracts referencing EURIBOR, 
to the extent possible and appropriate and the replacement date should on occur on the date on which the 
benchmark has effectively ceased to be provided or is no longer representative. 
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved the 
final text of Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption 
of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, where the cessation or wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a 
benchmark should apply to any contract and financial instrument, as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to 
the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may 
further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 
2021, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) 2021/168, which was published in the 
Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the following day. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and 
may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as 
EURIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still 
available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration 
of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and the potential effects of such changes may adversely affect such benchmarks during the 
term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities 
(including the Covered Bonds) based on those benchmarks; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise 
unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the relevant 
fallback provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks 
of offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of EURIBOR), may 
not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the 
relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate 
benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters, consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks when making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. Investors in 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark. 
2.5. 
Risks Specific to Cover Pool 
2.5.1. 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credits, other eligible assets, substitution assets and hedging 
contracts, in all cases subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds Law. At the date hereof, 
the Cover Pool contains mortgage credits and other eligible assets in accordance with the Covered Bonds 
Law. The Covered Bonds Law permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change from time to time in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law – 
See The Covered Bonds Law. 
2.5.2. 
Value of security over residential property 
The holders of Covered Bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) 
over all assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the 
Covered Bonds (See Characteristics of the Cover Pool). The security for a mortgage credit included in the 
Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage over a property granted in favour of the Issuer. The 
value of this property and accordingly, the level of recovery on the enforcement of the mortgage, may be 
affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of the relevant property and no assurance can be 
given that the values of the relevant properties will not decline in the future. A situation where a mortgage 
has to be enforced to pay the holders of Covered Bonds is, however, highly unlikely because the Covered 
Bonds Law establishes that any mortgage credits which are delinquent for over 90 days must be immediately 
substituted. See The Covered Bonds Law. Notwithstanding, the variation of the value of mortgaged 
properties that are securing mortgage credits that are part of the Cover Pool, can impact the performance of 
the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds. 
2.5.3. 
Exposure to the Issuer’s credit risk in case of insufficiency of the assets comprised by the Cover 
Pool 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer secured by a special creditor privilege 
created under the Covered Bonds Law over the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer. In case of insufficiency 
of the assets comprised by the Cover Pool, the holders of the Covered Bonds will be treated as common 
creditors of the Issuer and will have to rely, for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds, on the sufficiency of the assets of the Issuer available to common creditors. 
2.5.4. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits which are included in the Cover Pool are and will generally be subject to amortisation of 
principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal 
at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits 
may result in the Issuer being required to include further mortgage credits and/or substitution assets in the 
Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with the financial matching requirements under the Covered 
Bonds Law. If the Issuer is not able to properly include or substitute assets as aforesaid, this may cause the 
Issuer not comply with the financial matching requirements under the Covered Bonds Law and can impact 
the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Bonds. 
2.5.5. 
The inclusion in the Cover Pool of other eligible assets and Hedging Contracts under the 
Covered Bonds Law 
The Covered Bonds Law permits the inclusion in the Cover Pool of other eligible assets and hedging 
contracts subject to certain restrictions under the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
The aggregate amount of other eligible assets cannot exceed 20 per cent. of the total value of the mortgage 
credits and other eligible assets comprised in the Cover Pool. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. The 
inclusion of other eligible assets and hedging contracts as mentioned above can affect the performance of 
the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds, as compared to 
a situation where no such inclusion was made, or was made at different levels. 
2.5.6. 
The Issuer’s entitlement to enter into Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate 
risk and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the 
Covered Bonds Law, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different 
currencies, in which case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. See Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging contracts, or the absence of entering into of 
hedging contracts, where the Issuer is entitled to enter into the same, can affect the performance of the Cover 
Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds, as compared to a situation 
where the opposite decision has been taken by the Issuer.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
providing information on the Issuer  and the Covered Bonds which, according to their respective nature, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses, and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of the 
US Securities Act. 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third-party information has 
been used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
In accordance with, and for the purposes of, Articles 149, 150 and 243 of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors, the members of its Audit Committee and the Statutory 
Auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., 
member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) with 
number 183 which is responsible for the financial information that has been audited by it (the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019) and is 
therefore responsible for the Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditor’s Reports on these financial 
periods and the limited review report to the unaudited interim financial statements in respect of the first 
semester ended 30 June 2021, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, registered with 
the CMVM under number 20161485, with registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 1, 
3º, 1050-217 Lisbon, Portugal (“PwC”) (see Management and Statutory Bodies in the Description of the 
Issuer), are responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each of them declares that, 
to the best of its knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to the aforementioned Articles is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the import of such information.  
As of the date of approval of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2019, (i) the members of the Board of Directors were the following: Fernando Ulrich (Chairman),

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
António Lobo Xavier (Vice-President), Pablo Forero (Vice-President and Deputy-Chairman), Alexandre 
Lucena e Vale (Executive member), António Farinha Morais (Executive member), António José Cabral 
(Non-executive member), Cristina Rios Amorim (Non-executive member), Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi 
(Non-executive member), Francisco Manuel Barbeira (Executive member), Gonzalo Gortázar Rotaeche 
(Non-executive member), Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles (Executive member), Javier Pano Riera (Non-
executive member), João Oliveira e Costa (Executive member), José Pena do Amaral (Executive member), 
Luís Vendrell Pi (Non-executive member), Natividad Pifarre (Non-executive member), Pedro Barreto 
(Executive member) and Tomás Jervell (Non-executive member) and (ii) the members of the Supervisory 
Board were the following: Manuel Ramos Sebastião (Chairman); Elsa Roncon (member); Ricardo Frias 
Pinheiro (member)6; Rui Campos Guimarães (member); Manuel Correia de Pinho (substitute member); and 
Luís Roque de Pinho Patrício (substitute member). 
As of the date of approval of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2020, (i) the members of the Board of Directors were the following: Fernando Ulrich (Chairman), 
António Lobo Xavier (Vice-President), António Farinha Morais (Executive member), Cristina Rios 
Amorim (Non-executive member), Elsa Maria Roncon (Non-executive member), Maria de Fátima Barros 
Bertoldi (Non-executive member), Francisco Manuel Barbeira (Executive member), Gonzalo Gortázar 
Rotaeche (Non-executive member), Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles (Executive member), Javier Pano Riera 
(Non-executive member), João Oliveira e Costa (Chief Executive Officer), Luís Vendrell Pi (Non-executive 
member), Manuel Sebastião (Non-executive member), Natividad Pifarre (Non-executive member) and 
Pedro Barreto (Executive member) and (ii) the members of the Audit Committee were the following: 
Manuel Ramos Sebastião (Chairman); Elsa Roncon (member); António Lobo Xavier (member); Maria de 
Fátima Barros Bertoldi (member); and Luís Vendrell Pi (member). 
As of the date of approval of the Issuer’s unaudited interim financial statements in respect of the first 
semester ended 30 June 2021, (i) the members of the Board of Directors were the following: Fernando 
Ulrich (Chairman), António Lobo Xavier (Vice-President), Cristina Rios Amorim (Non-executive member), 
Elsa Maria Roncon (Non-executive member), Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi (Non-executive member), 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira (Executive member), Francisco Artur Matos (Executive member)7, Gonzalo 
Gortázar Rotaeche (Non-executive member), Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles (Executive member), Javier Pano 
 
 
6 Resigned on 6 June 2020. 
7 Co-opted by the Board of Directors on 27 April 2021, who began his duties on 20 July with the obtaining of ECB’s 
authorisation.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Riera (Non-executive member), João Oliveira e Costa (Chief Executive Officer), Luís Vendrell Pi (Non-
executive member), Manuel Sebastião (Non-executive member), Natividad Pifarre (Non-executive 
member) and Pedro Barreto (Executive member) and (ii) the members of the Audit Committee were the 
following: Manuel Ramos Sebastião (Chairman); Elsa Roncon (member); António Lobo Xavier (member); 
Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi (member); and Luís Vendrell Pi (member). 
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; (ii) that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it 
and based on reasonable assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any 
statement, opinion or intention expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
In accordance with article 149, no. 3 (directly and ex vi article 243) of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
liability of the entities referred to above is excluded if any such entities proves that the addressee knew or 
should have known about the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the 
contractual declaration or when the respective revocation was still possible. Pursuant to subparagraph b) of 
article 150 of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Issuer is strictly liable (i.e. independently of fault) if any 
of the members of its Board of Directors, its Audit Committee, PwC or any other individuals that have 
certified or, in any other way, verified the accounting documents on which the Base Prospectus are based 
are held responsible for such information. As per subparagraph b) of article 243 of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the right to compensation based on the responsibility for the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus, as per article 149, is to be exercised within six months following the knowledge of an inaccuracy 
in the contents of the Base Prospectus and ceases, in any case, two years following (i) disclosure of the 
admission Base Prospectus or (ii) amendment that contains the defective information or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). Any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should 
be made on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus as a 
whole. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the 
Common Representative (as defined under General Description of the Programme) or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
in any circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time after the date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of or 
as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. 
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission 
to trading made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus, any of which are capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The Arranger, the Common 
Representative and the Dealer expressly refrain from undertaking any to review of the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the duration of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds 
of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent 
financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds.  
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Covered Bonds 
generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (as defined below) do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy any securities other than Covered Bonds or an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to 
buy any Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered 
Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer (save for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any 
Covered Bonds or the distribution of Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or 
the Covered Bonds issued thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that would result in compliance with any applicable securities laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about,

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
and observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of the Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including, among other countries, Portugal 
and Belgium), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market 
Arrangements. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealer have not independently verified (i) the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any 
other agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, 
validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or 
document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme . Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds is intended to provide the 
basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each 
potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon its own independent 
investigation as it deems necessary (namely of the financial condition, affairs and creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and the advantages and risks of investing in Covered Bonds). None of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Member State of the EEA of Covered Bonds which are the subject of a placement contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds, may

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of, respectively, Articles 3 and Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA 
and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4)  of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA and such offer 
is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or 
its final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Neither the Dealer nor the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, and, to “U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S dollars” are to 
United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
Results presentation with the unaudited consolidated results for the first 9 months 2021 (which can 
be found at (https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro2.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-
A4F3-BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=878C3CD6-D584-4E4B-8572-6E732F98DD0D). 
2. 
The non-audited report in respect of the unaudited interim financial statements in respect of the first 
semester ended 30 June 2021 (the First half 2021 Report which can be found at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=F290C486-54A1-4571-80E2-CEF775DDC55F)  
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2020 
(the 
Annual 
report 
2020 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=F17CF7B5-1C27-43D4-B119-AE12FDD55E23). 
4. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2019 
(the 
Annual 
report 
2019 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/pt/ficheiros/RC/BancoBPIRelatorioContas2019.pdf). 
5. 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
Banco 
BPI 
(https://rep.bancobpi.pt/RepMultimedia/getMultimedia.asp?channel=Multimedia%20-%20RI%20-
%20Informa%E7%E3o%20Obrig%20Investidores&content=Estatutos_Contrato_BancoBPI_PT). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CMVM in accordance with Articles 3 and 23, respectively, of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any information contained in the Issuer’s website 
(www.bancobpi.pt) is not part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
The table below refers to points (1) to (4) above: 
Banco BPI  
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
Results presentation with the unaudited consolidated results as of 30 September 2021 
Consolidated Income Statements 
                              Page 37 
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                 Page 38 
Non-audited report in respect of the unaudited interim financial statements in respect of the 
first semester ended 30 June 2020 (First half 2021 Report) 
Auditors’ review report on the Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
period ended 30 June 2021 
 
Pages 147-150 
Condensed interim balance sheets as of 30 June 
2021 and 31 December 2020 
Page 65 
Condensed interim statements of profit or loss 
for the periods ended on 30 June 2021 and 2020 
 
Page 66 
Condensed interim statements of profit and loss 
and other comprehensive income for the periods 
ended on 30 June 2021 and 2020 
 
 
Page 67 
Condensed interim consolidated statements of 
changes in equity for the periods ended on 30 
June 2021 and 2020 
 
Page 68 
Condensed interim statements of cash flows for 
the periods ended on 30 June 2021 and 2020 
 
Page 70 
Notes to the condensed interim financial 
statements 
Pages 71-146 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (Annual report 2020) 
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the 
period  
ended 31 December 2020 
Pages 360-371

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Banco BPI  
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
Consolidated balance sheets  
Consolidated statements of profit or loss 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income 
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
Statements of changes in shareholders' equity 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Page 172 
Page 173 
 
Pages 174 
Pages 177 
Pages 175 
Pages 178-359 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 (Annual report 2019) 
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the 
period  
ended 31 December 2019 
Pages 262-273 
Consolidated balance sheets  
Page 102 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss  
Page 103 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income 
 
Page 104 
Consolidated statements of cash flows  
Page 106 
Statements of changes in shareholders' equity 
Page 105 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 107-261 
The page references for both 2019 and 2020 annual reports, for the first half 2021 Report and for the results 
presentation with the unaudited consolidated results as of 30 September 2021, refer to the documents in 
PDF format. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2019/980, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depository (“CSD”) which will be the 
Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa, as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of 
Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of 
Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal.  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds will be offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which allows 
Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system.  
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number 
(“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through 
LCH.Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system operated at Interbolsa, as well as through the clearing systems 
operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under 
the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext Lisbon 
takes place on the second Business Day after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement 
that takes place at the Bank of Portugal on the Final Settlement Date. Covered Bonds may be attributed 
Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code and/or 
other securities identifier, which will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Form of the Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (“forma escritural”) and title to the Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the applicable CMVM regulations and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds will be nominative Covered 
Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds 
held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised 
financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of 
holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Covered 
Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
the national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the Euro (the “Eurosystem”) monetary 
policy and intra-day operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, 
as such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to 
TARGET 2 payment current-accounts held in the payment system of TARGET2 according to the applicable 
procedures and regulations of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose 
control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa  from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) 
in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures 
and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign 
Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD, to the 
relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Affiliate Member of Interbolsa must inform Interbolsa of the bank accounts to which the relevant 
payments shall be made. Interbolsa must notify the Bank of Portugal of the amounts to be settled, which 
Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules governing the accounts of the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance 
with Interbolsa procedures and regulations. In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
TARGET2 current account of the Paying Agent must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa 
Transfer of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bonds. No 
owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese 
Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to) any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (“MiFID II or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January, on 
Insurance distribution (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Sector Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]8 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor 
 
 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 9 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counter parties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]10  
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this 
term is [defined in the Benchmark Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears / 
does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) no. 2016/1011, of 8 June) (the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
 
 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”. 
10 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable manufacturer.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 11 
 
 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent./Floating Rate/Zero 
Coupon] Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW NO. 59/2006, OF 20 MARCH, AS AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME (THE “COVERED BONDS LAW”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER 
POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 November 2021 [, as supplemented on 
 
 
11 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR 
manufacturer.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
[●]] (the “Base Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Terms 
and Conditions are incorporated by reference into in each Covered Bond described herein, as applicable. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [, as supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [, as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, as supplemented,] is available for 
viewing at Banco BPI, S.A., Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto, www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt. and 
copies may be obtained from the same address for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base Prospectus 25 
November 2021. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of Banco BPI at (www.bancobpi.pt) and 
CMVM’s website (www.cmvm.pt). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 142 of the Portuguese Securities Code and Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Covered Bonds become 
fungible.)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
of 
Covered Bonds: 
 
 
A. Series: 
[●] 
 
B. Tranche: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds are 
to be admitted to trading  
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(ii) [Net Proceeds 
(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●] [an amount equal to: Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Covered Bonds minus Estimate of total expenses] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
(N.B. the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
is €100,000) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[insert date] [If applicable, the date should be that falling 
one year after the Maturity Date. If not applicable, insert 
“Not Applicable”]. 
[Unless the rating provided by the rating agencies 
appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of 
the Programme is adversely affected by such provisions, 
an Extended Maturity Date will apply to each Series of the 
Covered Bonds.] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
(further particulars specified below)  
[Insert “Not Applicable” only if Extended Maturity Date 
does not apply] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Covered 
Bonds 
into 
another 
interest 
or 
redemption/payment basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally with all 
other mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued by the 
Issuer. The Covered Bonds will qualify as mortgage 
covered bonds for the purposes of the Covered Bonds 
Law.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
15. 
Listing/Admission to Regulated Market 
[Euronext Lisbon/specify other/None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[●] 
per 
cent 
per 
annum. 
[payable[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [specify other]] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 [Not Applicable] [[●] in each month up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date]/[specify other]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
  [Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction  
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or [specify other] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or 
[specify other] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally 
paid (if more than one, then insert such dates in the 
alternative)] in each year] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then insert 
such dates in the alternative)] in each year 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
[None/give details] 
17. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.)  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/other 
(give details)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/other 
(give 
details)] 
[State 
“Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/other 
(give details)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/other (give details)]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
       a) To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor)

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Telerate page 248 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
       b) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Telerate page 248 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
       a) To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
       b) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
  [●] per cent. Per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Applicable]/ [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
Other] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives)  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(xii) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions: 
• 
To Maturity Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price 
[●]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to late 
payment: 
[Condition 5.5 applies/specify other] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not US dollar 
denominated) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB – If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent)

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond 
[[●] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination/Other/See Appendix] 
22. 
[Early 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Covered Bond payable on an event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from that set 
out in Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase))] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
(a) Form of Covered Bonds: 
Registered Covered Bonds (nominativas) in book entry 
form (escriturais)  
 
 
 
 
(b) New Global Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates to which item 17 (iii) 
relates) 
25. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Redenomination is 
applicable, specify the terms of the redenomination in an 
Annex to the Final Terms) 
27. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(When adding on any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
‘‘significant new factors’’ and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
 
[In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of 
the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax 
certifications. See Taxation section.]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
  
DISTRIBUTION  
28. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of relevant 
agreement] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Commission Payable / Selling 
Concession: 
[●] 
29. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
30. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details ] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if the offered Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged products” and no KID will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified) 
31. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared in the 
UK, “Applicable” should be specified) 
32 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
33. 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[specify benchmark] is provided by administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply], such that [insert names(s) of 
administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration.]]/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Covered Bonds described herein 
pursuant to the €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Banco BPI, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party information] 
has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ................................................................... 
By: ................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Applicable/None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
 
2. Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. Each of 
[defined terms] is established in the [European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) / United Kingdom (“UK”)] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) / 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)]: 
 
 
[DBRS: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[●] (specify): [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds being issued.) 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
EEA / UK.]and is registered in the [CRA Regulation 
/ UK CRA Regulation] 
 
 
 
However, the ratings [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the EEA / UK 
entity] in accordance with the [CRA Regulation / UK 
CRA Regulation]. [Insert the name of the relevant 
EEA / UK entity] is established in the [EEA / UK] 
and registered under [CRA Regulation / UK CRA 
Regulation.]  
 
 
3.  [Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.” – amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4.  Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds (Issue Price minus the fees payable to the 
Dealer) and Estimated Total Expenses (the total expenses relating to admission to trading 
and the fees payable to the Dealer) 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
 
 
(See USE OF PROCEEDS] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here.)]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
5.  YIELD  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an 
estimation only and calculated with reference to 
the Rate of Interest that would be payable if the 
Issue Date would be an Interest Payment Date 
and on the assumption that such Rate of Interest 
(comprising the relevant rate plus margin) would 
not change in the future. Investors should be 
aware that the Rate of Interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date will be subject to the 
variation of the relevant Reference Rate. The 
index used to calculate the yield was [•]] 
 
 
6. Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue 
to be registered with Interbolsa. in its capacity as 
a securities settlement system, and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stabilization Operation   
 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[If applicable; 
Stabilising Manager; 
Period; 
Other information]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation 
to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds and shall be included in a 
supplement prepared by the Issuer for such purpose. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be incorporated by reference or endorsed upon, or attached to, each Covered Bond. Reference 
should be made to ‘‘Final Terms of the Covered Bonds’’ for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS (“OBRIGAÇÕES HIPOTECÁRIAS”) ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW (AS 
DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED 
BONDS LAW ARE SECURED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) 
MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered bonds issued by Banco BPI, 
S.A. (the “Issuer”) in accordance with the procedures set out in Agency and Payments Procedures (as 
defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency and Payments 
Procedures”) dated 30 April 2008 and made and agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent 
and/or agent bank. 
Any reference to “holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity in whose name the Covered 
Bonds are registered as such in the relevant securities account held with Interbolsa.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to holders of 
Covered Bonds following their prior written request to the Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Paying Agent). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable 
at the the website of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários) (the “CMVM”) – www.cmvm.pt – and during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Paying Agent save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable at the specified office of the Paying Agent by a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered 
Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its 
holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The Covered Bonds holders are deemed to have notice of, and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency and 
Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions;  
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and Conditions 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that date) have 
been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency and Payments 
Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bonds 
holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against 
presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(e) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the principal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding and 
without prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Covered Bonds) those Covered Bonds 
which are alleged to have been lost or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued 
under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in nominative form (nominativas) and in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be held through Interbolsa and will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and 
title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Portuguese 
Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as 
having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds recorded therein. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date and 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Covered Bond may be an Instalment Covered Bond depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a denomination per unit not 
lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted.  
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond. No owner 
of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law 
and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
The holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds 
are mortgage covered securities issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, which are secured by 
the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Law, and rank 
pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as provided 
in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds up to the Extend Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of 
that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(A) Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) bears interest on its Principal 
Amount Outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment 
Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Covered 
Bonds become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2. (A) (ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
(B) Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (as set out below and detailed in the 
relevant Final Terms) the relevant rate of interest will be equal to the relevant reference rate plus or minus 
(as the case may be) the relevant Margin. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Eurozone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period, or (B) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation 
Agent, of such offered quotations. 
(iii) 
Request from Reference Banks: If, for the purposes of the calculations described in this Condition 
4.2(B), the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no offered quotations appear thereon, the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
specified shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Determination by Agent: If on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, approximately the above specified time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such offered rates, at the Agent’s request, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the above specified time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR)plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined on the Interest Determination Date for the last preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of the above, “Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used 
to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
applicable, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when 
no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(v) 
Reference Rate specified in Final Terms: If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 4.2 above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 4.2 above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specify, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
(E) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation 
Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant 
competent listing authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will 
be promptly notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(F) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds), whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence 
of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all holders of Covered Bonds and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the holders 
of Covered Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease 
to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until (i) the 
date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) five days after the 
date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received 
by the Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of 
the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A)  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered Bonds 
shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the 
Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of interest). In that event, interest shall be 
payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrears on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall 
no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(B)  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period 
and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(C)  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for 
the purposes of this Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments 
made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions.  
(D)  
This Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply to Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem 
those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity 
of those Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate (subject to the terms of this 
Condition 4.5, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.5(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.5(C)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.5(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, or the holders of Covered 
Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer 
determination made pursuant to this Condition 4.5(A). 
If (1) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (2) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5(A) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period, respectively. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest.  
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
respectively, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, respectively, shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, relating to the relevant last preceding Interest Period, respectively. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(A) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4.5(A). 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, as the case may be, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods, 
respectively, as necessary.  
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that: (1) there is a Successor Rate, then such 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.5(C) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4.5; or (2) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.5(C) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.5). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (1) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (2) the quantum of,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.5(A) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.5(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of holders of Covered Bonds, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.5 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders 
of Covered Bonds. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.5(A), 4.5(B), 4.5(C) and 
4.5(D), the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, this Condition 4.5 shall prevail. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.5, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 4.5, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative 
course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or 
is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.5 neither the Agent, nor the Calculation 
Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer and / or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Agent or the Calculation Agent (as 
applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent or Calculation Agent (as applicable) to 
any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
For avoidance of doubts, neither the appointment of an Independent Adviser or the determination 
of a new Benchmark will be subject to the previous approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
(to be obtained in a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds).  
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by 
a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and  
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by the payee 
with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 (Payments), 
means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction or by cheque drawn on a US bank. In no 
event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments 
of interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by United 
States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
5.2 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds may only be made in Euro, United States 
dollar, Japanese yen and Swiss franc or in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and 
clearing of securities denominated in currencies other than Euro, United States dollar, Japanese yen and 
Swiss franc. 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) 
from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted by, 
Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities held through 
Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of 
Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with 
such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the 
aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euros will be (a) 
transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, 
from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de 
Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts 
of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
Payment Day  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is a day on which commercial

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation; or; 
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation 
to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of 
the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open:  
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by 
Interbolsa (as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds 
to a day on which the TARGET2 System is open). 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
in relation to Covered Bonds redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); and  
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered 
Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
will be redeemed proportionally. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. To 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. Any 
Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right 
to require redemption will be exercised directly against the Issuer, through the Paying Agent. 
6.4 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
6.5 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, transferred to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.6 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and 
any Covered Bonds purchased and transferred for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Purchases) above 
shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.7 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.8 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond pursuant to paragraph 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option) or 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount 
calculated according to the following formula:  
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
6.8 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each 
Series of Covered Bonds unless the rating provided by the rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the 
relevant time in respect of the Programme is adversely affected by such Extended Maturity provisions. 
(B) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered 
Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically 
extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall give to the holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the 
Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall 
not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person.  
(C) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the 
purposes of this Condition 6.8 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
(D) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under 
this Condition 6.8 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of 
default for any purpose or give any holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(E) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall 
be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate 
and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension f maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the 
Extended Maturity Date).  
(F) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied 
rateably across the Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be 
reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(G) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.8 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), subject to otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer 
shall not issue any further mortgage covered bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further mortgage 
covered securities are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(H) 
This Condition 6.8 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply to Covered 
Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails 
to redeem those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter). 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1. 
 Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any legally 
applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in Portugal), 
except if any Tax withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the applicable obligations). The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. See Taxation section. 
7.2 
 No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payment free of 
taxes).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to the 
Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not Event of Default  
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 above, this shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the case of principal) 
and 5 years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject in each case to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Date” means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has 
not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, and without 
prejudice to the specific terms and conditions established for a particular issue of Covered Bonds, the holders 
of Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 of the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an Acceleration Notice, in 
which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and payable each at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy, under the 
Covered Bonds Law, a special creditor privilege over the Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Credits, the 
Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the 
repayment of principal and payment of interest due under the Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law, the Common Representative and the Hedge Counterparties also benefit from this special 
creditor privilege, which is not subject to registration.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution 
of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
October 2006, as amended, from time to time, the RGICSF and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the 
Insolvency and Recovery of Companies approved by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March 2004, as 
amended from time to time). Investors should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders of 
the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, at its discretion and 
without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may deem fit 
to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard to 
the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any action 
with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any other 
Programme Documents unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to proceed, fails so 
to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
(A) 
The names of the Agent, the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In 
the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as 
the Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common Representative in 
continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or as the case 
may be, other relevant authority.. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Covered Bonds shall, in respect of the Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Lisbon, 
be published on the Euronext bulletin (if applicable) and on the CMVM’s information system 
(www.cmvm.pt). Furthermore, any such notice shall be disclosed by any further means required to allow a 
fast access by all holders of Covered Bonds throughout the EU and shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made, as provided above.  
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law requirements that 
may be applicable, notably the Portuguese Companies Code and CMVM’s Regulation no. 5/2008, of 15 
October, as amended from time to time.  
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code, which applies to Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 14.1 
of the Covered Bonds Law, contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest (which provisions are described 
and supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment Agreement), including the modification by 
Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented in such Series; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a 
Reserved Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 
per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding 
or, at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing holders of Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or 
represented in such Series; or (iii) a Resolution regarding any increase of the charges to the holders of 
Covered Bonds will be any person or persons holding or representing all of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant series then outstanding. Each Covered Bond grants its holder one vote. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the majority of 
the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter, at

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (iii) if in respect of a Resolution regarding 
any increase of the charges to the holders of Covered Bonds, unanimity by all holders of Covered Bonds of 
the relevant series then outstanding.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change 
any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, 
(ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or 
of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or 
conversion of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the 
currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) 
to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given 
Series; (vi) to amend this definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the 
majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii); 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject as 
provided below, be binding on all the holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Common 
Representative may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if 
in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action (each a 
“Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Common Representative or, if it refuses to convene such meeting, by the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common Representative and the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer refuses to convene the meeting, then the holders of 5 per cent. of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be convened.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially 
prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and discretions without the 
approval of such holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a written resolution of such holders of 
Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B)  
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, 
authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not reasonably 
assured to it under the Covered Bonds Law or if it has not been provided with adequate indemnity against 
or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution 
approved at any meeting or any written resolution of any holders of Covered Bonds, the Common 
Representative may (i) to the extent permitted by law, refrain from taking any action until it has been 
provided with sufficient funds or adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as a 
result of any such actions and (ii) refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any 
law of any jurisdiction or which might otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which 
is in its opinion necessary to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the holders 
of Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions or inaction. The Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for the indemnification of the Common Representative 
and for its relief from responsibility.  
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF COVERED BONDS 
Should any Covered Bond be lost or destroyed, it may be replaced, in accordance with Article 51 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code, at the specified office of the financial intermediary where such Covered Bond 
is registered upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
15. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, VALUATION OF COVER POOL AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
15.1 
Maintenance of overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, and regardless of the time of issue of the Covered Bonds, 
the Value (determined in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations) 
of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 105.26 per cent. of the 
aggregate Value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme less any Covered Bonds 
held by the Issuer pursuant to article 19.1 of the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled or such other 
percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor (the 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage”), provided that: 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, 
be reduced by the Issuer below 105.26 per cent.; and 
(ii) 
(A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated A3 or above by Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any 
time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 
15, unless, always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody’s has confirmed in writing to the 
Issuer that such reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds 
by Moody’s being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long as the 
Covered Bonds are not rated A3 or above by Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 15. 
15.2 
Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(A) Loan-to-Value: the Value of a Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer may not exceed either 80 per cent. 
of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per 
cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; 
(B) Asset Cover: the aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value 
of the Cover Pool; 
(C) Average Maturity: the remaining average Maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds is at all times 
shorter than the remaining average Maturity of the Cover Pool entered in the Register; 
(D) Interest Cover: the total amount of interest receivable on the Cover Pool will at all times be at least 
equal to or exceed the total amount of interest payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(E) Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, Other 
Assets and Properties will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and the 
Bank of Portugal Regulations (in particular Regulation 5/2006 and Regulation 6/2006);  
(F) Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover 
Pool and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and in the terms set forth in the 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement;  
(G) Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-Performing Mortgage 
Credits; and 
(H) Liabilities: the net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot exceed 
the net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must also be met for 
200 basis points parallel shifts of the yield curve. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date 
and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered 
Bonds, and the other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary. 
18. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement).  
“Additional Security” means any other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of a Mortgage Credit.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to holders of Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 30 April 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended. 
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto. 
“Bank of Portugal Regulations” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal regulating 
certain aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, namely Notice 5/2006, Notice 6/2006, Notice 8/2006, Instruction 
13/2006 and any relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by the Bank of Portugal in the future.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
“Base Prospectus” means the base prospectus dated 25 November 2021, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D).  
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate, the 
occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in this Base Prospectus, has the meaning 
ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities.  
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered 
office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended from time to time.  
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, 
and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified in the 
Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, Lda., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas”) with number 183 and registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161485, with its 
registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended from time to time.  
“Covered Bond” means any mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds 
Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended from time to time; 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, Porto. 
“EU” means the European Union.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended 
from time to time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon - Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Eurosystem” means the monetary authority which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of 
the EU Member States whose currency is the Euro. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the Cover 
Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A).  
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 15 November 2006, relating to certain information duties applicable in relation 
to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of 
Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários). 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of its customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 
(Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Loan to Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its 
affiliates or successor.  
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria 
established in the Covered Bonds Law:  
(a) 
it is a pecuniary receivable not yet matured, which is neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which is secured by a first ranking mortgages over residential or 
commercial real estate located in an EU Member State; 
(b) 
notwithstanding (a) above, it is a pecuniary receivable secured by a junior mortgage but where all 
Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto are held by the Issuer and also allocated to the Cover Pool;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(c) 
it is a receivable secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution, or (ii) an 
appropriate insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) 
or (b) above. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for mortgage 
credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. 
“Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage 
covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution 
which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered Bonds. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as 
specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or in securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem;  
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
equal to «A-» or equivalent; and  
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as defined by 
the Bank of Portugal;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 The Issuer undertakes that on any Business Day the Other Assets include assets specified under (a) 
above corresponding to “AAA” or equivalent rated sovereign bonds from a EU Member-State, or 
Italian Sovereign Bonds, the United States, Japan and/or Canada or other assets specified under (b) 
above with credit institutions having a minimum rating at least equal to “A” or equivalent, in an 
amount (as calculated by the Issuer on such Business Day) at least equal to the interest payments due 
by the Issuer under the outstanding Covered Bonds during the next 90 days. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred 
under the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and the Hedge 
Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” means 105.26 per cent. or such other percentage as may be selected 
by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be reduced 
by the Issuer below 105.26 per cent.; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated A3 or above by 
Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the 
purposes of Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants), unless, 
always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody’s has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such 
reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by Moody’s being 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long as the Covered Bonds are not rated 
A3 or above by Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which 
applies for the purposes of Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants). 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A..  
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds 
under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Commercial Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-
Law no. 262/86, dated 2 September, as amended from time to time.  
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
“Programme” means the €9,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 30 April 2008 for the 
issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus.  
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealer, as amended from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme.  
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such Property 
in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the 
relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Notice 5/2006; and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognised indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law and Notice 5/2006. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine a quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
“Registered Covered Bond” means any covered bond in registered form. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to 
Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be 
listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation 
to any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered 
Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
(TARGET 2). 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including, the Portuguese Tax and Customs Authority, the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. 
Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on or applied to the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed 
in relation to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “US dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America. 
“Value” means:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an 
amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with 
any matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan to Value calculation, an amount 
equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register;  
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as 
entered on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem 
for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of 
such securities, including matured and accrued interests.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL  
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, only duly licensed credit institutions allowed by law to grant mortgage loans, and having own 
funds not lower than €7,500,000, may issue covered bonds. The Issuer complies with these requirements 
and is thus allowed to issue covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and other 
eligible assets (including hedging contracts) subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds 
Law. The Covered Bonds Law allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not 
require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be comprised 
in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure compliance with 
the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank of Portugal Regulations (as defined in 
Definitions). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a segregated register (the 
“Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. The Issuer plans to 
issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover Pool, additional 
mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Law, as further detailed below.  
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of 
the Covered Bonds Law, to take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being 
repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
(a) 
unmatured financial receivables, which are neither subject to encumbrances or possession orders 
and which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential or commercial real estate located 
in an EU Member State;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(b) 
mortgage credits secured by junior mortgages provided all mortgage credits secured by senior 
mortgages are held by the Issuer and allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
receivables secured by a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate 
insurance policy, with a mortgage counter guarantee meeting the above criteria. 
“Other Assets” Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets:  
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or in securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national central banks of the EU Member States whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required 
at any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at 
least equal to «A-» or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal 
Regulations. 
The Issuer undertakes that on any Business Day the Other Assets include assets specified under (a) above 
corresponding to “AAA” or equivalent rated sovereign bonds from a EU Member-State, the United States, 
Japan and/or Canada or other assets specified under (b) above with credit institutions having a minimum 
rating at least equal to “A” or equivalent, in an amount (as calculated by the Issuer on such Business Day) 
at least equal to the interest payments due by the Issuer under the outstanding Covered Bonds during the 
next 90 days. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which 
are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Covered Bonds 
Law. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Moody’s

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
and DBRS a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by 
such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Covered Bonds Law allows the Cover Pool to include hedging contracts aimed exclusively at hedging 
risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. These hedging contracts will form part of the 
Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and requirements of the 
Covered Bonds Law and described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law, any such hedging contract can only be entered into 
(i) in a regulated market of an EU Member State, or (ii) in a recognised market of an OECD country, or (iii) 
with a counterparty which is a credit institution with a rating of at least «A-» or equivalent. The Covered 
Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to develop, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), the eligibility criteria 
for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, identify 
(i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the corresponding Cover Pool; 
(iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the commencement 
date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must 
enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be 
managed through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty 
relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Hedging Contracts will 
qualify as derivative financial instruments for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the amount of any mortgage credit asset included in the Cover Pool 
may not exceed (i) the value of the corresponding Mortgage, and (ii) 80 per cent. of the value of the Property, 
if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is commercial property. See 
Valuation of Cover Pool below. 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE TERM TO MATURITY 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain criteria, including matching weighted average term to maturity, 
which are required to be met by the Issuer in respect of its Cover Pool. In any case, the average maturity of

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
the outstanding Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the average maturity of the Mortgage Credits 
and Other Assets allocated to the relevant issuance. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the nominal principal amount of any Covered Bonds outstanding 
irrespective of the fact those Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Bonds or not may not exceed 95 per cent. of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Cover Pool less any Covered Bonds acquired by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled. In addition, the aggregate amount of interest payable to the 
holders of Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the amount of interest to be collected under the 
Cover Pool (including both the Mortgage Credits and the Other Assets) allocated to the Covered Bonds. 
In compliance with the above legal requirements, Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover 
Pool and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise of the Cover Pool with respect to 
outstanding Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105.26 per cent. or such other percentage as may be 
selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be reduced 
by the Issuer below 105.26 per cent.; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated A3 or above by 
Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the 
purposes of Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants), unless, 
always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody’s has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such 
reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by Moody’s being 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long as the Covered Bonds are not rated 
A3 or above by Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which 
applies for the purposes of Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants). 
See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred to above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be included at their outstanding principal amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal 
irrespective of the fact those Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Bonds or not, including matured 
and accrued but unpaid interest;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(c) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by one value 
resulting from the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued but unpaid interests. 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange 
rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
In addition, the net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot exceed the 
net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts. This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis point parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and in the terms set forth in the Covered 
Bonds Law and in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial 
requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations described in 
this section. The Issuer must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with 
any provisions of the Covered Bonds Law summarised herein (or when it is reasonable to expect that they 
will not be complied with), take all steps to comply with that provision, by undertaking one or more of the 
following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new mortgage credit assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated to 
the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
allocating additional Other Assets; and/or 
(c) 
acquiring Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by the Issuer 
in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool.  
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to specify, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that 
it considers relevant for determining the value of mortgage credit assets or Other Assets for the purposes of 
the Covered Bonds Law. The Covered Bonds Law also empowers the Bank of Portugal to specify, by

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and 
any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the value of substitution assets that are to be 
comprised in the Cover Pool. These requirements are set out in Notice 6/2006. 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool may not be 
higher than the commercial value of such Property, determined in accordance with prudent criteria and 
taking into consideration (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such Property, (ii) the standard 
conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant Property, and (iv) any alternative uses of 
the Property in question. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by the Issuer to each of the 
Properties related to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool may not be higher than the market value 
of such Property. For these purposes, the “market value” of each Property shall correspond to the price by 
which the relevant Property can be purchased by a third party able to complete such purchase on the date of 
the valuation of the Property, assuming that (i) the Property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the market conditions 
allow for a regular transfer of such Property, and (iii) there is a normal period of time to, considering the 
nature of the Property in question, negotiate the purchase and sale of such Property. 
Valuation by expert 
Prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a 
real estate valuation expert. Such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever (i) 
the information available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the value 
of the Property or (ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general market 
prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Notice 5/2006 may, however, 
be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations are carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis 
and credit decision-making process within the Issuer’s Group; 
(b) 
the valuations are subject to a written report from the valuation expert that includes in a clear and 
accurate way elements that allow the understanding of the analysis and conclusions of the 
valuation expert;

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(c) 
the Properties have been valued in light of the corresponding market value or the value of the 
mortgaged Property, as established by Notice 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property is over-valued at the time of allocation of 
the relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required valuation 
of Properties shall be independent and be adequately qualified and experienced for the performance of their 
functions. The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, 
notably where there is (i) any specific interest of the real estate valuation expert in the Property subject to 
the valuation; (ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related 
to the Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on 
the valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Issuer’s Group, provided such valuation expert is 
independent from the credit analysis and decision making process within the Issuer’s Group. 
The selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must ensure adequate diversification and rotation, 
and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of selected valuation experts, setting out the 
criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well as the Properties valued by each valuation expert. 
The list applicable to each year shall be sent to the Bank of Portugal by the end of January of the following 
year, indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such list from the list submitted the previous year. 
Under Notice 5/2006, the Bank of Portugal may, in relation to a given Property, require the Issuer to appoint 
another valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous valuation raises doubts as 
to its correctness. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods 
of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, 
as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or assumptions 
adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market or the 
market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the mortgaged Property and of the 
market value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has effected the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations; and 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €500,000, in 
the case of residential Properties, or €1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of the 
relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years. 
The Issuer shall also perform any internal check of the value of each of the Properties once every three 
years, for residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties.  
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that 
indicates that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the property value may 
have suffered a material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to 
recognised indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send the Bank of Portugal a report 
with the detailed description of such indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, 
together with an opinion on the adequacy of such indexes and statistical methods produced by a reputable 
independent valuation expert. 
All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be documented by the Issuer, setting out the 
description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the review.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor 
to supervise in the terms set forth in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, 
compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law and in Notice 5/2006 
relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of Other Assets 
Pursuant to Notice 6/2006, the Other Assets shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest; and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounting for according to the 
value resulting from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the 
Eurosystem or, if lower, according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and 
principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset comprised in the Cover Pool does not have an adequate 
insurance policy contracted by the relevant owner, the Issuer must obtain such insurance coverage adequate 
to the risks inherent to the relevant property. The Issuer must bear the costs of such insurance. In any case, 
the insurance policy attached to any property included in the Cover Pool must provide for a full coverage, 
allowing, in case of total loss, for such property to be rebuilt. Any compensation due under any such 
insurance policies must be paid directly to the Issuer, up to the limit of the relevant Mortgage Credit. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets (património 
autónomo), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due to the holders 
of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Covered Bonds Law provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover Pool 
(including Mortgage Credits, Other Assets and Hedging Contracts) must be recorded in a segregated register 
within, and maintained by, the Issuer, such register to record the following: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount; 
(ii) 
the applicable interest rate;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(iii) 
the applicable maturity; 
(iv) 
the notary’s office where the relevant mortgage was entered into, when applicable; and 
(v) 
the reference regarding the definitive inscription of the mortgages in the corresponding real estate 
registry. 
Pursuant to Article 4.3 of the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool is identified in the transaction documents 
by a code. The key to such code is deposited with the Bank of Portugal which has promulgated, by regulatory 
notice (“Aviso”), the conditions under which the holders of Covered Bonds may have access to the 
segregated register of the Cover Pool. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over the 
Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with preference 
over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of interest due under 
the Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, this special creditor privilege applies automatically 
for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, the Common Representative and the Hedge Counterparties 
and is not subject to registration.  
The mortgages created as security for the mortgage credit assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall prevail 
over all other real estate preferential claims.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Covered Bonds Law governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds. In 
the event of dissolution and winding-up (including on grounds of insolvency) of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bonds Law establishes that the Cover Pool shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer and 
will not form part thereof until full payment of any amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds. The 
amounts corresponding to payment of interest and repayment of principal of the Mortgage Credits and Other 
Assets will not form part of the insolvency estate of the Issuer.  
The Cover Pool will, in such an event, be separated from the Issuer’s insolvency estate so as to be 
autonomously managed until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds. In this 
situation, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled to adopt a 
resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least two thirds 
of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed to manage 
the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the plan for the voluntary dissolution and winding-
up of the Issuer, which shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to Article 35-A of the Credit 
Institutions General Regime, shall identify a Substitute Credit Institution appointed to (i) manage the Cover 
Pool allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to 
the holders of such Covered Bonds are made. Such plan shall also describe the general framework and 
conditions under which those actions will be rendered by the Substitute Credit Institution. 
In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of 
Portugal is required, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, to appoint a Substitute 
Credit Institution to manage the Cover Pool allocated to the Covered Bonds outstanding and to ensure that 
payments due to the holders of such Covered Bonds are made. 
The fees to be paid to the appointed Substitute Credit Institution shall be determined by the Bank of Portugal 
at the time of such appointment and shall be paid out of the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Notice 8/2006, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to 
service the Cover Pool following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
immediately upon being appointed, prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the Cover Pool, 
supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(ii) 
perform all acts and operations necessary or convenient for the prudent management of the Cover 
Pool and respective guarantees in order to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to holders 
of Covered Bonds, including, without limitation: 
a. 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool;  
b. 
ensuring the timely collection in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover 
Pool; and 
c. 
performing all other acts and administrative services in connection with such Mortgage 
Credits and related Mortgages and Additional Security, as well as performing amending 
and extinguishing conservative acts relating to guarantees;  
(iii) 
maintain and keep updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Law; and 
(iv) 
prepare an annual financial report in relation to the Cover Pool and the outstanding Covered 
Bonds, which report shall be the subject of an audit report produced by an independent auditor. 
The independent auditor shall be appointed as Cover Pool Monitor by the Substitute Credit 
Institution in accordance with article 34 of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Furthermore, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the Cover Pool 
following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for 
maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under such Mortgage Credits.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Bondholders, S.L., with registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, has been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the 
Covered Bonds Law and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement. The Common Representative is an entity duly authorised to 
represent the holders of the Covered Bonds as per Article 14(3) of the Covered Bonds Law. 
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Covered Bonds. According 
to the Covered Bonds Law and to the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Commercial Companies Code, 
the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to ensure 
protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, namely: (a) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in respect 
of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their legal or 
contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of Covered 
Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to represent the 
holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against the Issuer and, 
in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or against the 
Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which is provided 
to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information regarding 
the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its role as Common Representative 
under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the Common 
Representative and appoint a new common representative. The removal of any Common Representative 
shall not become effective unless there shall be a Common Representative in Office after such removal.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR  
The Covered Bonds Law requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person or 
entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who shall be responsible, for the 
benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements 
contained in the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations.  
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor registered 
with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related with 
or associated to any group of interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that hinders its 
independent analysis and decision-making process, notably in light of (i) holding 2 per cent. or more of the 
issued share capital of the Issuer, either directly or on behalf of a third party; or (ii) having been re-elected 
for more than two terms either consecutive or not. For this purpose, a term corresponds to a period of four 
years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 30 April 2008, as amended from time to time, the 
Issuer appointed on 7 September 2018 Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores 
Oficiais de Contas, Lda. as Cover Pool Monitor. Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is registered with the CMVM under registration number 20161485. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law in relation to the 
appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the 
requirements set forth in Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation 
of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool, 
the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the benefit 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer with the financial and prudential requirements

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations in respect of the Cover Pool. 
In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements set forth in Condition 15 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations, the Cover Pool Monitor is 
entitled to be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements relating to outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce an annual report with an assessment 
of the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of 
Portugal Regulations, in particular those requirements relating to the level of collateralisation, the loan-to-
value ratios limitations and the valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool.  
The Cover Pool Monitor will perform certain quarterly agreed upon procedures in the terms set forth in the 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement in order to prepare a quarterly report to be delivered to the Issuer indicating 
any non-compliance by the Issuer with the requirements of the Cover Pool and/or the Covered Bonds Law. 
If as a result of the work referred to in the precedent paragraph a non-compliance with the Covered Bonds 
Law and/or the Requirements of the Cover Pool is identified by the Cover Pool Monitor, it shall notify the 
Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, of such event. If the non-compliance remains unremedied within 
10 business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will notify the Arranger and the relevant 
Dealers of the non-compliance. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to promulgate, by regulatory notice (“aviso”), 
after consultation with the CMVM and the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants (“Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”), the requirements applicable to the content, format and disclosure of any 
reports of the Cover Pool Monitor. Until the present date the Bank of Portugal has not issued any notice on 
these matters. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor and appoint a new entity 
to act in such capacity. Any such termination shall not become effective until a new cover pool monitor is 
appointed in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. Additionally, the Cover Pool

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Monitor may retire at any time upon giving not less than three calendar months’ notice in writing to the 
Issuer. Such retirement shall not become effective until the appointment of a new cover pool monitor.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
The Issuer is wholly owned by CaixaBank, S.A. (“CaixaBank”) and focuses on the commercial banking 
business in Portugal, using its distribution network and digital channels to offer services and financial 
products to corporate, institutional and individual customers. 
Banco BPI serves 1.9 million customers in the domestic market and is the fifth largest financial institution 
operating in Portugal12 by assets (€37.8 billion13), with market shares above 10 per cent. in loans and in 
Customer deposits.  
BPI offers its customers investment and savings products –  mutual funds, retirement savings plans and 
capitalisation insurance – mainly provided by BPI Vida e Pensões and BPI Gestão de Ativos, companies 
sold to CaixaBank Group. 
In the insurance business area, the Issuer has a 35 per cent. stake in the share capital of Allianz Portugal and 
a distribution agreement for non-life insurance. The life-risk insurance distribution agreement with Allianz 
terminated in 2020, and the Issuer now distributes the life-risk products of BPI Vida e Pensões. In credit 
insurance, the Issuer holds a 50 per cent. stake in COSEC. The Issuer distributes other products and services 
centrally sourced from CaixaBank Group: debit and credit cards from CaixaBank Payments & Consumer, 
acquiring and POS from Comercia Global Payments, equipment renting from CaixaBank Equipment 
Finance, and investment banking services from CaixaBank’s Branch in Portugal.   
The Issuer holds minority interest in African banks, namely, 48.1% in Banco de Fomento Angola (“BFA”), 
which operates in commercial banking in Angola, and 35.7% in Banco Comercial e de Investimentos 
(“BCI”), which operates in commercial banking in Mozambique. 
At 31 December 2020, the physical distribution network comprised 422 business units, namely 360 retail 
branches, 1 mobile branch, 27 premier centres, and specialist branches and units serving corporate and 
institutional customers, including 27 corporate and institutional banking centres, 2 real estate business 
centres and 3 corporate and investment banking centres. For individual customers with a digital profile who 
prefer to communicate and carry out operations remotely, BPI also has 1 InTouch centre. 
 
 
12 In terms of total assets as of 30 June 2020. Source Associação Portuguesa de Bancos (APB - Portuguese Banking Association), Statistics; and 
banks earnings disclosure  
13 As of 31 December 2020. Source: BPI calculations using public information

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
The network articulates with virtual channels, which include homebanking services (BPI Net and BPI Net 
Empresas), telephone banking (BPI Direct) and mobile applications (BPI Apps).  
Among main banks in Portugal, in the individual customers’ segment, the Issuer ranks #1 in “satisfaction 
with the digital channels (‘digital presence’ dimension)” and #2 in “Internet and Mobile Banking 
penetration”. In the corporate segment, the Issuer ranks #1 in “market share of Net and Mobile Banking” 
and #2 in “satisfaction with NetBanking service”14. 
 
 
  
1) Includes the activity of BPI Suisse (100 per cent. held).  
2) In association with Allianz, which holds 65 per cent. of the capital. 
3) In association with Euler Hermes, a company of Allianz Group. 
4)Equity-accounted subsidiaries. 
 
 
14 Sources: BASEF, DATA-E and CSI Banca. 
BCI (Mozambique)4) 
(35.7%) 
BPI Gestão de Activos 
BPI Vida e Pensões 
CaixaBank 
Payments 
&
Consumer 
Investment funds 
Capitalisation insurance 
Life-risk insurance 
 (from Feb.2020) 
Debit and credit cards 
Comercia Global Payments6) 
Acquiring, POS terminals 
CaixaBank’s group entities 
CaixaBank’s 
branch 
in
Portugal 
Corporate finance 
Brokerage and research 
(% of capital held by Banco BPI) 
Commercial Banking in Portugal 
Non-life insurance 
Life-risk insurance 
(until 2020) 
Banco BPI 
Allianz Portugal 
2),4)  (35%) 
Individuals and small businesses 
Individuals and Premier  
Private Banking1) 
Small Businesses 
Corporates and institutionals 
Large and medium-sized companies 
and institutionals 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Cosec 
3),4)           
(50%) 
Export credit insurance 
Shareholdings in African Banks 
BFA (Angola)5) 
(48.1%)

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
5) At the end of 2018 BPI changed the accounting classification of its equity holding in BFA, from “associated company”, 
consolidated by the equity method, to “financial investment”, recognised under “shares at fair value through other 
comprehensive income”. 
6) Joint venture between CaixaBank and Global Payments Inc. 
 
HISTORY 
BPI's origins date back to 1981 with the establishment of SPI - Sociedade Portuguesa de Investimentos, 
which had a diversified shareholder base, mainly composed of national companies, including 100 of the 
most dynamic Portuguese firms and four of the most important international financial institutions.  
In 1985 SPI underwent a transformation that gave rise to BPI, the first Portuguese private bank set up 
following the reopening of the sector to private initiative, after the nationalisations of 1975. In 1986, BPI 
became the first bank listed on the Portuguese stock exchange.  
In 1991, ten years after its creation, BPI, which in the meantime had already achieved a clear leadership in 
the main areas of Investment Banking, expanded its business to commercial banking through the acquisition 
of BFB.  
In 1995 the institution was converted into a bank holding company. This reorganisation, which led to the 
specialisation of the Group's units, was accompanied by an important reinforcement of its shareholder 
structure with the entry of two new strategic partners of considerable size to team up with Itaú Group: La 
Caixa Group and Allianz Group.  
In 1998 a pioneering merger process created a single bank under a single brand: Banco BPI.  
From 1996 to 2005 the Bank pursued its growth path through mergers and acquisitions of other banks. 
Banco de Fomento, in Angola, was also incorporated in this period (2002), resulting from the transformation 
of Banco BPI's Luanda branch into a fully-fledged Angolan-law bank. In 2008 a 49.9 per cent. stake in 
Banco de Fomento was sold to Unitel.  
In 2006 BPI completed 25 years of activity, always upholding its strategy of sustained value creation for 
Shareholders, Employees and Customers.  
In 2012 BPI implemented a Recapitalisation Plan that involved an issue of €1.5 billion of contingent 
convertible subordinated bonds (“CoCos”) subscribed by the Portuguese State, aimed at fulfilling the 
recapitalisation exercise proposed by the EBA. In 2014 Banco BPI fully reimbursed the CoCos, completing 
the reimbursement to the State three years ahead of schedule.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
In April 2016 CaixaBank, a shareholder holding on that date 44.1 per cent of Banco BPI's share capital, 
released a preliminary announcement of a public, general and voluntary tender offer on all the shares of 
Banco BPI, at the price of €1.113 per share. In September 2016, BPI's General Meeting approved the 
elimination of the statutory limit on the counting of votes cast by any single shareholder. As a result, a new 
preliminary announcement of the tender offer was published to take into account the alterations stemming 
from the change of the nature of the offer from voluntary to mandatory, namely in the price, now established 
at €1.134 per share, and in the terms of the takeover.  
In 2017 the Issuer sold to Unitel an equity interest representing 2 per cent. of Banco de Fomento Angola 
capital. Following that transaction, the shareholdings of Banco BPI and Unitel in BFA were 48.1 per cent. 
and 51.9 per cent., respectively.  
In February 2017, upon completion of a public tender offer, CaixaBank took over control of BPI, raising its 
stake from 45 per cent. to 84.51 per cent..  
In May 2018 CaixaBank acquired from Allianz the entire 8,425 per cent. stake held by the latter in Banco 
BPI, after which it held 92.935 per cent. of BPI. On the same date, Caixabank announced it was its intention 
to acquire the remaining shares to reach 100 per cent. of Banco BPI’ capital.  
The de-listing of the Issuer and the compulsory acquisition of any remaining shares of the Issuer by 
CaixaBank was concluded at the end of December 2018. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CaixaBank 
owns 100 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer. 
In November 2018, BPI presented its Strategic Plan 2019-21 to the market. Under this Plan, the Issuer has 
five strategic priorities that aim to sustainably grow profitability, accelerate the transformation of the 
customer experience, develop human resources, improve efficiency and consolidate BPI’s strong reputation 
based on the quality of service towards customers and society. 
In 31 December 2018, following the loss of the Issuer’s significant influence over Banco de Fomento Angola 
(“BFA”), the equity holding in BFA was reclassified in the consolidated balance sheet from Investments in 
joint ventures and associates to financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - equity 
instruments, and revalued at fair value. 
In January 2019, that sale of the legal positions related to share brokerage, research and corporate finance 
activities to Caixabank was realized by the Issuer at the book value of the net assets of those activities at the 
closing date of the transaction (3.9 million euros).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
ESTABLISHMENT AND DOMICILE 
The Issuer is domiciled in Rua Tenente Valadim, 284, 4100-476 Porto, Portugal. The telephone number of 
the Issuer is +351 22 2075000. 
LEGAL FORM 
The Issuer is registered as a bank with the Bank of Portugal and operates under the legal name of “Banco 
BPI, S.A.”. The Issuer also operates under the commercial name of “BPI”. It is a limited liability company 
(“Sociedade Anónima”) under Portuguese law registered for an indefinite term in the Commercial Register 
of Porto, under no. 501 214 534 as at 23 October 1981. 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
ISSUER’S WEBSITE 
The Issuer’s website is www.bancobpi.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
OBJECT AND PURPOSE 
According to its constitutional documents (in particular to article 3 of the Issuer’s Memorandum and Articles 
of Association), the scope of the Issuer is to carry on banking business including any additional, related or 
similar operations compatible with the said business to the full extent permitted by law. The Issuer may also 
participate in partnership association agreements, complementary corporate conglomerates or European 
conglomerates of economic interest and may acquire, either originally or subsequently, shares or portions 
of capital in public limited companies and interests in unlimited liability companies of any object 
whatsoever and even if subject to special laws. 
SHAREHOLDER  
The Issuer’s sole shareholder as of 30 September 2021 is: 
Shareholder 
No. of shares held 
% of capital held 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
1 456 924 237 
100 per cent.  
Source: BPI communication to the market dated 27 December 2018 “Perda de qualidade de sociedade 
aberta do Banco BPI, S.A. – 3º Anúncio”. Following the exercise by CaixaBank of the right for the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares on the 27 Dec. 2018, CaixaBank now holds 100 per cent. 
of Banco BPI’s capital and as per public information disclosed to the market. 
Currently the Issuer has a set of internal procedures and regulations which define the functions of the 
Executive Committee of Board of Directors, of the Nominations, Evaluation and Remunerations 
Committee, of the Risk Committee, of the Audit and Internal Control Committee and of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee. These internal procedures and rules comply with applicable laws and regulations 
in force and governance best practices, namely in what concerns transactions with related parties and these 
measures implemented by the Issuer are also thought to avoid the major shareholder position’s abuse. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer’s business is focused on commercial banking in Portugal and is it organised around two main 
segments: (i) Individuals and businesses and (ii) Corporates and Institutions. 
Individuals and Small Businesses 
Individuals, Businesses, Premier and InTouch Banking is responsible for commercial initiatives with 
individual customers, entrepreneurs, and small businesses. The Branch network is geared towards mass-
market customers and small businesses. For the affluent customers – high net worth customers or customers 
with potential for wealth accumulation – the Issuer has a network of Financial Advisors working on Premier 
Centres or specific retail Branches, who provide specialised financial advisory services.  
In 2020, the Issuer opened its first InTouch Centre, offering a new commercial approach, where individual 
customers have at their disposal a dedicated Manager with whom they can communicate by telephone or by 
chat via BPI App, from anywhere and during extended hours.  
BPI's Private Banking, made up of a team of experts in Portugal and also comprising a 100 per cent. held 
subsidiary in Switzerland - BPI Suisse - provides discretionary management and financial advice specialist 
services to high net worth individual customers. 
Corporates and Institutional Clients  
Through a specialised network, Corporate and Institutional Banking serves companies and institutional 
customers, namely Public Sector and state-controlled organisations. The network includes two Real Estate 
Business Centres, which are designed to offer a more focused support to customers, developers and builders, 
involved in large residential real estate projects.  
Corporate and Investment Banking, manages the relationship with the largest Portuguese corporate groups, 
insurance companies and subsidiaries of the largest Spanish companies.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As at 30 September 2021 Banco BPI's share capital amounted to €1,293,063,324.98 and was represented by 
1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value (all issued shares are fully paid).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
The following tables contain selected key financial information for the period ended 30 September 2021 (unaudited) and for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020 (audited). 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
In M.€ 
Dec 20 
Sep 21 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash and cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits 
4.535,2 
6.336,5 
Financial assets held for trading, at fair value through profit or loss and at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
2.258,5 
1.583,0 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
30.004,0 
31.113,7 
Loans to Customers 
25.207,8 
26.623,4 
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
238,2 
258,5 
Tangible assets 
152,9 
184,4 
Intangible assets 
87,0 
93,9 
Tax assets  
271,0 
220,0 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
7,9 
17,2 
Other assets  
231,0 
419,9 
Total assets 
37.785,6 
40.227,1 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
141,3 
115,0 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
33.695,7 
35.789,8 
Deposits - Central Banks and Credit Institutions 
5.504,3 
5.836,4 
Deposits - Customers 
26.008,6 
28.037,9 
Debt securities issued 
1.804,9 
1.500,2 
Memorandum items: subordinated liabilities 
304,3 
300,3 
Other financial liabilities  
378,0 
415,4 
Provisions 
48,7 
50,4 
Tax liabilities  
23,2 
21,4 
Other liabilities  
620,3 
565,5 
Total Liabilities 
34.529,3 
36.542,1 
Shareholders' equity attributable to the shareholders of BPI 
3.256,3 
3.685,0

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Non controlling interests 
0,0 
0,0 
Total Shareholders’ equity 
3.256,3 
3.685,0 
Total liabilities and Shareholders' equity 
37.785,6 
40.227,1 
 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
In M.€ 
set 20 Reclassif. 
(1) 
Sep 20 Sep 21 
  
  
adjusted 
  
Net interest income 
330,8 
 
330,8 
342,4 
Dividend income 
42,3 
 
42,3 
99,7 
Equity accounted income 
21,5 
 
21,5 
31,9 
Net fee and commission income 
177,5 
-0,9 
176,6 
204,3 
Gains/(losses) on financial assets and liabilities and other 
-15,6 
 
-15,6 
24,5 
Other operating income and expenses 
-29,6 
4,3 
-25,3 
-38,4 
Gross income 
526,9 
3,4 
530,3 
664,4 
Staff expenses 
-183,4 
-1,2 
-184,6 
-187,0 
Of which: Recurrent staff expenses 
-183,4 
-1,2 
-184,6 
-173,0 
     Non-recurrent costs 
 
 
 
-13,9 
Other administrative expenses 
-107,2 
-2,2 
-109,4 
-108,1 
Depreciation and amortisation 
-35,4 
 
-35,4 
-45,1 
Operating expenses 
-326,0 
-3,4 
-329,4 
-340,1 
Net operating income 
200,9 
  
200,9 
324,3 
Impairment losses and other provisions 
-101,3 
 
-101,3 
-32,1 
Gains and losses in other assets 
0,8 
 
0,8 
0,5 
Net income before income tax 
100,4 
  
100,4 
292,7 
Income tax 
-14,9 
 
-14,9 
-50,8 
Net income 
85,5 
  
85,5 
242,0 
  
 
 
 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  
  
Sep 20 Sep 21

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Earnings per share (€) 
 
 
0,05 
0,16 
Average weighted nr. of shares (in millions) 
 
 
1.456,9 1.456,9 
1) For analysis purposes, in order to ensure comparability of information, September 2020 figures were adjusted by reclassifications made at the end of 2020 and detailed in the respective Annual Report. 
 
BALANCE SHEETS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND 2019  
 
 
(Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
  Notes 
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand 
deposits 
9 
 4 535 243  
 1 068 261  
Financial assets held for trading  
10 
  197 475  
  234 476  
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss 
11 
  177 461  
  206 066  
Equity instruments 
  125 147  
  143 221  
Debt securities 
  52 314  
  62 845  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
12 
 1 883 541  
 1 886 212  
Equity instruments 
  436 072  
  509 168  
Debt securities 
 1 447 469  
 1 377 044  
Financial assets at amortised cost 
13 
 30 003 970  
 27 439 314  
Debt securities 
 5 772 761  
 4 029 677  
Loans and advances - Central Banks and other Credit Institutions 
 1 594 993  
 1 452 687  
Loans and advances - Customers 
 22 636 216  
 21 956 950  
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
14 
  1 453  
  30 709  
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk 
14 
  79 858  
  48 818  
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
15 
  238 179  
  247 190  
Tangible assets 
16 
  152 875  
  169 564  
Intangible assets 
17 
  86 965  
  65 848  
Tax assets  
25 
  271 008  
  272 456  
Other assets  
18 
  149 670  
  128 077

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale 
19 
  7 889  
  14 561  
Total assets 
  
 37 785 587  
 31 811 552  
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
Financial liabilities held for trading 
10 
  141 345  
  146 167  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
20 
 33 695 722  
 27 640 187  
Deposits - Central Banks 
 4 394 239  
 1 374 229  
Deposits - Credit Institutions 
 1 110 076  
 1 402 879  
Deposits - Customers 
 26 008 553  
 23 231 413  
Debt securities issued 
 1 804 852  
 1 358 699  
     Memorandum items: subordinated liabilities 
  304 345  
  304 440  
Other financial liabilities  
  378 002  
  272 967  
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
14 
  63 724  
  72 799  
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk 
14 
  24 363  
  9 656  
Provisions 
21 
  48 708  
  44 392  
Pending legal issues and tax litigation 
  31 706  
  25 656  
Commitments and guarantees given 
  16 704  
  18 736  
Other provisions 
   298  
   0  
Tax liabilities  
25 
  23 206  
  17 239  
Other liabilities  
22 
  532 233  
  444 975  
Total Liabilities 
  
 34 529 301  
 28 375 415  
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
  
  
  
Capital 
24 
 1 293 063  
 1 293 063  
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
24 
  275 000  
  275 000  
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
24 
(  506 376) 
(  345 273) 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss 
(  489 839) 
(  335 851) 
Tangible assets 
   703  
   703  
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans 
(  383 973) 
(  303 951) 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
(  1 601) 
(   416) 
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
(  104 968) 
(  32 187) 
Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss 
(  16 537) 
(  9 422) 
Foreign currency translation 
(  60 061) 
(  33 552)

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
  22 094  
  4 502  
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
  21 430  
  19 628  
Retained earnings 
24 
 1 961 895  
 1 769 451  
Other reserves  
24 
  127 933  
  116 042  
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent 
  104 771  
  327 854  
Total Equity 
  
 3 256 286  
 3 436 137  
Total Equity and Total Liabilities 
  
 37 785 587  
 31 811 552  
 
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED ON 31 
DECEMBER 2020 AND 2019 
 
(Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
  
Notes 
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
Interest income 
27 
  495 637  
  525 538  
Interest expense 
27 
(  45 499) 
(  89 264) 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
  
  450 138  
  436 274  
Dividend income 
28 
  42 606  
  49 351  
Share of the profit or (-) loss of 
investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associates accounted for using the 
equity method 
15 
  27 694  
  40 726  
Fee and commission income 
29 
  266 351  
  280 979  
Fee and commission expenses 
29 
(  21 449) 
(  23 079) 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of 
financial assets & liabilities not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss, net 
30 
   162  
(   94) 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and 
liabilities held for trading, net 
30 
  7 863  
  4 961  
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, net 
30 
(  18 890) 
(  9 753)

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, 
net 
30 
(  1 969) 
  3 115  
Exchange differences [gain or (-) loss], net 
30 
   514  
(  5 672) 
Other operating income  
31 
  34 300  
  32 840  
Other operating expenses 
31 
(  52 261) 
(  58 644) 
GROSS INCOME 
  
  735 059  
  751 004  
Administrative expenses 
  
(  402 613) 
(  394 154) 
Staff expenses 
32 
(  264 364) 
(  246 093) 
Other administrative expenses 
33 
(  138 249) 
(  148 061) 
Depreciation 
 
(  48 663) 
(  53 906) 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
21 
(  5 705) 
(  2 273) 
Commitments and guarantees given 
 
  2 032  
  4 175  
Other provisions 
 
(  7 737) 
(  6 448) 
Impairment or (-) reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or 
loss 
34 
(  153 502) 
  39 061  
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
(  153 502) 
  39 061  
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment 
of investments in subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates 
15 
   0  
  1 028  
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment 
on non-financial assets 
35 
   0  
  1 672  
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of 
non-financial assets, net 
36 
(   38) 
(  1 441) 
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets 
and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued 
operations 
37 
   328  
  3 400  
Profit or (-) loss before tax from 
continuing operations 
  
  124 866  
  344 391  
Tax expenses or (-) income related to profit 
or loss from continuing operations 
25 
(  20 095) 
(  16 537) 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX 
FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
  
  104 771  
  327 854  
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
  
  104 771  
  327 854

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF 
THE PARENT 
38 
  104 771  
  327 854  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Earnings per share (euros) 
  
  
  
   Basic 
6 
 0,060 
 0,222 
   Diluted 
6 
 0,060 
 0,222 
Earnings per share from continuing 
operations (euros) 
 
0,000 
0,000 
   Basic 
6 
 0,060 
 0,222 
   Diluted 
6 
 0,060 
 0,222 
 
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT AND LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED ON 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND 2019 
 
 
 
(Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
  
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
  
  
  
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
  104 771  
  327 854  
Other comprehensive income 
(  150 460) 
(  91 870) 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
(  143 345) 
(  103 063) 
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans 
(  102 755) 
(  21 769) 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in joint 
ventures and associates 
   476  
  1 442  
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
(  63 589) 
(  88 135) 
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified 
  22 523  
  5 399  
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
(  7 115) 
  11 193  
Foreign currency translation 
(  26 509) 
  2 250  
Translation gains or (-) losses taken to equity 
( 26 509) 
 2 250  
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 24 230  
 3 547  
Valuation gains or (-) losses taken to equity 
 24 383  
 4 332

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Transferred to profit or loss 
(  153) 
(  785) 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in joint 
ventures and associates 
  1 802  
  6 367  
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
(  6 638) 
(   971) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
(  45 689) 
  235 984  
Attributable to owners of the parent 
(  45 689) 
  235 984

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
The auditor’s reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 
December 2020 and on 31 December 2019 did not include any reserves and mentioned the following 
emphasis for the 31 December 2019 consolidated financial statements: “We draw attention to the 
information disclosed in note 42 of the accompanying explanatory notes to the financial statements, related 
to the possible impacts of the pandemic caused by COVID-19 in the economy and, consequently, on the 
Bank’s future activity. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
The auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements of the issuer for the first half 2021 mentioned 
the following emphasis: “We draw attention to the information disclosed in note 3 of the accompanying 
explanatory notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements, related to the impacts arising 
from the COVID- 19 pandemic recognized in the Bank’s financial statements as at June 30,2021, as well as 
on the inherent uncertainty caused in the economy and, consequently, on the Bank’s future activity. As 
mentioned in note 1.3., the Bank made a set of judgements and estimates based on assumptions made with 
the best available information on the events that have occurred until this date in the preparation of the 
abovementioned consolidated financial statements. However, actual results may differ from the estimates 
made and the future evolution of the pandemic may require a review of these judgments, estimates and 
assumptions currently made by the Bank. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter”.  
Please refer to the complete versions of the auditor’s reports included in the annual reports and half year 
report of the Issuer, together with the respective financial statements, which are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  
INVESTMENTS  
There have been no material investments by the Issuer since 30 September 2021. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
The Issuer's governance model is structured in compliance with the Portuguese Commercial Companies 
Code as follows:  
• 
the company's management is entrusted to the Board of Directors which includes an Executive 
Committee to which the Board has delegated wide management powers for conducting the day-to-
day activity. Within the ambit of the Board of Directors, two specialist commissions function, 
composed exclusively of non-executive members: (i)  the Risk Committee and (ii) the Nominations, 
Evaluation and Remuneration Committee. In September 2017, as foreseen in the corporate statues a 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was created.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
• 
the oversight functions are attributed to the Audit Committee (“Comissão de Auditoria”) – whose key 
terms of reference include supervising the management of the company, ensuring compliance with 
the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by the supervisory authorities, 
as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally, setting the terms of its 
coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed and the report to be carried 
out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit Committee's functions, 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risks Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee, verifying the adequacy of 
and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting practices adopted and any 
supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards, supervising the statutory audit of 
accounts, issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of 
Directors, supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial information, supervising the 
effectiveness of the internal control, internal, assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's 
independence, particularly when he or she provides additional services to the company, receiving 
communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted by 
shareholders, employees or others and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law. 
• 
the General Shareholders’ Meeting, composed of all the shareholders of the Issuer, deliberates on the 
issues which are specifically attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association – including 
the election of the governing bodies, the approval of the directors' reports, the annual accounts, the 
distribution of profits, and capital increases –, as well as if so solicited by the Board of Directors, on 
matters dealing with the company's management. 
• 
the Company Secretary is appointed by the Board of Directors and performs the functions 
contemplated in the law and others attributed pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The following is a list of the members of the Board of Directors, approved by the Sole Shareholder in 26 
April 2017, for the 2017/2019 term of office.  
Board of Directors: 
Chairman: 
Fernando Ulrich

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Vice-President: 
António Lobo Xavier 
Chief Executive Officer Pablo Arturo Calderon 
Members: 
 
Executive member 
Alexandre Lucena e Vale 
Executive member 
José Pena do Amaral 
Executive member 
António Farinha Morais 
Executive member 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles 
Executive member 
Pedro Barreto 
Non-executive member Vicente Barutel15 
Executive member 
João Oliveira e Costa 
Non-executive member Juan Alcaraz Garcia16 
Non-executive member Lluís Vendrell Pi 
Executive member 
Juan Fuertes Blasco17 
Non-executive member Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi18 
Non-executive member Javier Pano Riera 
 
 
15 Resigned on 9 May 2018. 
16 Resigned on 22 June 2018. 
17 Resigned in 4 September 2017. 
18 Appointed on 23 February 2018.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Non-executive member Gonzalo Gortázar Rotaeche 
Non-executive member Tomás Jervell 
Executive member 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-executive member Cristina Rios Amorim 
Non-executive member Carla Sofia Bambulo1920 
Non-executive member António José Cabral21 
Non-executive member Natividad Pifarre22 
 
The following is a list of the members of the Board of Directors, approved by the Sole Shareholder in 30 
November 2020, for the 2020/2022 term of office. The business address of each of the below-mentioned 
members of the Board of Directors is Banco BPI, S.A., Largo Jean Monnet, 1, 1269-067 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Board of Directors: 
Chairman: 
Fernando Ulrich 
Vice-President: 
António Lobo Xavier 
Chief Executive Officer João Oliveira e Costa 
Members: 
 
Non-executive member Cristina Rios Amorim 
 
 
19 Appointed by Allianz Europe, Ltd. to exercise the office in its own name. 
20 Resigned on 9 May 2018. 
21 Appointed on 20 April 2018. 
22 Appointed on 29 June 2018.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Non-executive member Elsa Maria Roncon 
Executive member 
António Farinha Morais23 
Executive member 
Francisco Artur Matos 24 
Executive member 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-executive member Gonzalo Gortázar Rotaeche 
Executive member 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles 
Non-executive member Javier Pano Riera 
Non-executive member Lluís Vendrell Pi 
Non-executive member Manuel Ramos Sebastião 
Non-executive member Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi 
Non-executive member Natividad Pifarre 
Executive member 
Pedro Barreto 
Position in other companies of BPI Group  
Name 
Position 
Companies 
Pedro Barreto 
Non-executive Deputy-
Chairman  
BCI – Banco Comercial e de 
Investimentos, S.A. (35.67 per 
cent.) 
 
 
23 Ceased functions as executive member on 26 April 2021, which fact was subject to registration on 15 May 2021. 
24 Co-opted by the Board of Directors on 27 April 2021, who began his duties on 20 July with the obtaining of ECB’s 
authorisation

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles 
Non-Executive Diretor 
Inter-Risco, 
Sociedade 
de 
Capital de Risco, S.A. (49 per 
cent.) 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-Executive Director  
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. (14.98 per 
cent. indirectly) 
Relevant activities outside BPI Group  
Name 
Position 
Companies 
Fernando Ulrich 
Non-Executive Diretor 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
António Lobo Xavier  
Non-Executive Director 
NOS, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Fábrica Têxtil Riopele, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive Director 
BA Glass, Serviços de Gestão e 
Investimento, S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Têxtil Manuel Gonçalves, S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Mysticinvest – Holding S.A. 
 
Partner 
Morais Leitão & Associados 
 
Member of Advisory Council 
 
Council of State Presidency of 
Portuguese Republic 
 
Member 
of 
“Conselho 
de 
Curadores” 
Fundação Belmiro de Azevedo 
João Oliveira Costa 
Not applicable* 
Not applicable* 
Cristina Rios Amorim 
Non-Executive Vice-president 
Amorim 
Investimentos 
e 
Participações, SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Amorim, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Executive Director and CFO 
Corticeira Amorim, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Elsa Maria Roncon 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable* 
Francisco Artur Matos 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable* 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-Executive Director  
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. 
Gonzalo Gortázar 
Chief Executive Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Chairman 
VidaCaixa 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles  
Not applicable* 
Not applicable* 
Javier Pano 
Chief Financial Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive Director 
Cecabank, S.A. 
Lluís Vendrell 
Corporate Manager M&A  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Bankia Mapfre Seguros, S.A. 
Manuel Ramos Sebastião 
Non-Executive Director 
President 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
REN SGPS SA 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Body 
IPCG – Instituto Português de 
Corporate Governane 
 
Chairman of the Board 
Ulisses 
Foundation 
(Lisbon 
MBA) 
 
Member of the Disciplinary 
Board 
Ordem dos Economistas

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Member of the Strategic Council  ISCAC – Instituto Superior de 
Contabilidade e Administração 
de Coimbra 
 
Member of the Audit Committee AiR351 
–Art 
in 
Residence 
Association  
Maria de Fátima Bertoldi 
Non-Executive Director 
Fundação Francisco Manuel dos 
Santos 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Corporate 
Governance 
and 
Social 
Responsibility Committee 
Jerónimo Martins, SGPS, SA 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Brisa Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. 
 
Non-Executive 
Audit 
Committee Member 
Warta, 
Retail 
& 
Services 
Investments, BV 
Natividad Pifarre 
Head of Global Risk 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Vida Caixa, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
CaixaBank Wealth Management 
Luxembourg, S.A. 
Pedro Barreto 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable*  
 
Note: “Not applicable*” means no activities outside the BPI Group. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer by any of the 
members of either the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors in respect 
of their private interests and/or other duties. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
The Audit Committee performs the functions attributed to it by law, the Articles of Association and the 
Issuer's internal regulations. 
The following is a list of the members of the Audit Committee, designated by the sole Shareholder on 
November 30, 2020, for  term of office 2020-2022: 
Chairman: 
Manuel Ramos de Sousa Sebastião 
Members: 
António Lobo Xavier 
 
Elsa Maria Roncon Santos 
 
Fátima Barros 
 
Lluis Vendrell 
Relevant activities of the members of the Audit Committee outside BPI Group  
Please see table above concerning the Board of Directors. 
The composition of the Audit Committee is deliberated upon by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the 
Issuer. The Audit Committee exercises its function for terms of three years. 
Besides any other competence set out in law or in the Bank's articles of association, the Audit Committee is 
responsible for: 
• 
supervising the management of the company; 
• 
ensuring compliance with the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by 
the supervisory authorities, as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally; 
• 
setting the terms of its coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed 
and the report to be carried out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit 
Committee's functions; 
• 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risks Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee; 
• 
verifying the adequacy of and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting 
practices adopted and any supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards; 
• 
supervising the statutory audit of accounts;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
• 
issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of Directors; 
• 
supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial information; 
• 
supervising the effectiveness of the internal control, internal; 
• 
assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's independence, particularly when he or she provides 
additional services to the company; 
• 
receiving communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted 
by shareholders, employees or others; 
• 
and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law. 
The Audit Committee meets every month. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between any duties vis-à-vis the Issuer of the 
members of the Audit Committee and their private interests or other duties. 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The term of office of the Statutory Auditor (“Revisor Oficial de Contas”) is of four years. CaixaBank as the 
sole shareholder elected in April 15, 2021 PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A. as the Statutory Auditor 
for the 2020-2022 mandate. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants 
(“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) with number 183, with registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1-3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, has designated José Manuel Henriques Bernardo, to represent 
it for the periods ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and for the period beginning in January 
2021 (which 2019 and 2020 annual audited reports and interim unaudited first half 2021 report are 
incorporated by reference herein), who is also a member of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered 
Accountants.  
The alternate member is Ana Maria Ávila de Oliveira Lopes Bertão.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interest or duties.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT 
AND SERVICING OF THE COVER POOL  
THE RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 
The residential mortgage business is one of the most important segments in the credit activity of the Issuer, 
representing about 47 per cent. of the Issuer’s credit portfolio. The Issuer is an innovative bank and its offer 
of products and services is constantly updated in order to satisfy the client’s needs and achieve the market’s 
best practices. The Issuer pays special attention to the management of credit risk and its credit policy is 
constantly monitored against economic and market conditions. 
ORIGINATION 
The Issuer’s residential mortgage loans are originated through the branch network and mortgage credit 
intermediaries. 
LENDING CRITERIA 
Certain key features of the criteria applied prior to approval of any advance in respect of a mortgage loan to 
be comprised in the Cover Pool (the "Lending Criteria") are set out below. The Originator has the right to 
vary or waive the Lending Criteria from time to time in the manner of a reasonably prudent mortgage lender 
(a "Prudent Mortgage Lender") and the Originator may have waived or varied the Lending Criteria acting 
as a Prudent Mortgage Lender in respect of the mortgage loans to be comprised in the Cover Pool. Only 
underwriting staff expressly granted the authority to do so may approve applications for mortgage loans 
which vary from the Lending Criteria. 
The key features of the Lending Criteria applicable to mortgage loans are as follows: 
• 
Decision Criteria  
Credit risk analysis and approval is based on: (i) basic criteria (age, residence, marital status…); (ii) no 
credit in arrears in the national credit bureau; (iii) household disposable net income; (iv) the ratio of total 
monthly instalments to disposable net income has to be below 50 per cent. (total monthly instalments of the 
loan under analysis are calculated with 3 per cent. added to interest rate); (v) loan maturity, loan amount 
and other loan requirements; (vi) insurances requirements; (vii) the loan to value ratio (LTV) has to be below 
certain values defined according to the type of the loan (for permanent residence maximum LTV ratio is the 
minimum between of 90 per cent of acquisition value and 85 per cent of evaluation value); (viii) probability 
of default of the proposal – credit scoring.  
• 
 Insurance Cover

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Life, disability and property insurance coverage is mandatory for all mortgage loans. Although uncommon 
among Portuguese banks, the Issuer requires the coverage of earthquake risk for all loans. Additional 
insurance coverage for unemployment risk, hospitalisation and coverage for late payment of salaries 
(“Seguro de Protecção de Crédito”) is optional. 
• 
Centralised Real Estate Evaluation  
All proposals are subject to an evaluation of the property carried out by an independent evaluator. The 
results are received by the central services, which also scrutinise the performance of the independent 
evaluators. 
• 
Decision Levels 
Branches may only approve credit proposals when all the lending criteria are fulfilled and the client loans 
exposure is under the upper limit of branches credentials; other credit proposals require independent risk 
analysis and decision from a central unit - DCR (“Direção de Crédito – Crédito Habitação”). 
UNDERWRITING 
The residential mortgage loan proposals are prepared at branches. Mortgage credit intermediaries must 
always channel their proposal through a branch. 
All the information is registered in GPC (“Gestor de Propostas de Crédito” – credit underwriting system). 
GPC allows the customer to have a preliminary decision, taking into account the rules and criteria in place 
at the time the proposal is analysed. 
Once the proposal is pre-approved and the customer presents all required documents on income and identity, 
the branch verifies these documents and registers all the information in GPC. GPC automatically collects 
related credit information from the Bank of Portugal and the Issuer databases. All these elements allow the 
branches and DCR (if applicable) to verify the information previously provided by the customer. 
Once this stage is passed, the Issuer sends an independent evaluator to visit and evaluate the property. 
Results are received and verified centrally at DO-CHC (“Direção de Operações – Crédito Habitação 
Contratação”). DO-CHC then checks all documents including valuation report and insurance application, 
in order to assure compliance with the existing rules and procedures. All additional information is registered 
in GPC and, if everything is in order, the customer then receives a letter with the final approval. 
After dealing with all the legal documents necessary for the contract, the client signs the contract and the 
Issuer (DO-CHC) verifies all the public registrations regarding property and mortgage. 
MORTGAGE PRODUCTS

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
The Issuer offers a broad range of mortgage credit products in terms of applicable interest rate (fixed rate, 
EURIBOR index rate), and different reimbursement profiles. The maximum term is 40 years and maximum 
LTV ratio is the minimum between 90 per cent of acquisition value and 85 per cent of evaluation value. The 
average LTV ratio of loans originated in 2020 was 76.1 per cent25, the average amount by contract was 
€113.2 thousand and the average term was 32.7 years. All mortgage loans, once fully drawn, must be repaid 
in monthly instalments of principal and interest and paid by direct debit to an account with the Issuer.  
COLLECTIONS AND ARREARS PROCEDURES 
All collections including delinquencies, defaults, write-offs, recoveries, and foreclosure are dealt with at a 
central level within the loan management system (ODS). 
ODS debits the customer account automatically. If there are not enough funds, the system will debit the 
amount available, with payment being made with the following priority: late payment fee, interest and 
principal. Simultaneously it is automatically reported to the commercial department responsible for the 
customer. While a payment is in arrears, this procedure will be repeated every day. 
For credits in arrears for less than 90 days, the process is conducted by the Branches (which have the 
responsibility for negotiating with Clients) with the support of External Collections Agents of DREC 
(“Direção de Recuperação de Crédito”) and of automatic letters,; the Credit Recovery Centres of DREC 
are responsible for the decision on negotiation and restructuring of credit; for credits in arrears for more 
than 90 days, the process is conducted by the Area of Pre-Judicial Recovery of DREC (which has the 
responsibility of negotiating with Clients); the transmission of responsibility for the recovery of credit from 
the Branches to DREC is automatic and compulsory; for credits under legal action and written-off, the 
process is conducted by the Areas of Judicial Recovery of DREC. If all the efforts for solving the situation 
prove unsuccessful by the 240 day, the execution request is delivered to court and the loan is accounted in 
"credits under legal action". During all the phases of the recovery process, the Issuer never stops the 
negotiation efforts in order to reach an extrajudicial agreement. 
 
 
 
25 As of 31 December 2020

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW  
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese law. 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by the Bank of Portugal Regulations. The Bank of Portugal 
Regulations address matters such as the segregation of cover pool assets from the insolvent estate of the 
issuer in the event of insolvency, the compliance with asset and liability matching requirements and the 
methodology for valuation of mortgages and properties. 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Mortgage covered bonds (“obrigações hipotecárias”) may be issued by credit institutions (the 
“Institutions”) legally authorised to grant credit guaranteed by mortgages over property and having own 
funds amounting to no less than €7,500,000. Institutions can either be universal credit institutions (“Credit 
Institutions”) or special credit institutions incorporated under the Covered Bonds Law specialising in the 
issuance of covered bonds (the “Mortgage Credit Institutions”). 
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Credit Institution, there are no restrictions to its banking activities and it 
may issue covered bonds directly maintaining the underlying cover pool on its balance sheet.  
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Mortgage Credit Institution, its authorised banking activity is restricted 
to granting, acquiring and selling (i) credits guaranteed by mortgages and (ii) credits to, or guaranteed by, 
the central public administration, regional or local authorities of any EU Member State. Mortgage Credit 
Institutions may thus issue covered bonds backed by credits originated by itself or otherwise acquired from 
third party originators. 
If covered bonds are issued by a Mortgage Credit Institution backed by credits acquired from a third party 
originator, the cover assets must be transferred to the Mortgage Credit Institution and, if such Mortgage 
Credit Institution is wholly-owned by such originator, the assets and liabilities relating to the relevant issue 
of covered bonds and the related cover pool will be consolidated with such originator. However, it is also 
possible for a Mortgage Credit Institution to have multiple owners, in which case the issues of covered 
bonds and the allocated cover pool may or may not be consolidated with the originator of the relevant 
credits. 
An Institution must manage its cover pool as well as any properties that it may acquire as a result of the 
enforcement of delinquent mortgage credits. Institutions may also undertake certain activities necessary to 
obtain additional liquidity.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of an Institution, the cover pool over which the 
holders of covered bonds have a special creditor privilege will be segregated from the insolvent estate of 
such Institution and will form a separate estate, i.e. an autonomous pool of assets managed in favour and to 
the benefit of the holders of covered bonds and other preferred creditors as specified in the Covered Bonds 
Law. In this respect, the Covered Bonds Law establishes a special regime which prevails over general 
Portuguese insolvency regulations.  
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of the 
insolvent Institution, the holders of covered bonds will also rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent Institution. 
COVER ASSETS 
The following assets are eligible to collateralise issues of covered bonds made by an Institution in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law: 
• 
Pecuniary credits receivables which are not yet matured and neither subject to conditions nor 
encumbered, judicially seized or apprehended and which are secured by: 
(a) 
first ranking mortgages over residential or commercial real estate located in an EU Member 
State; or 
(b) 
junior mortgages but where all Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto are held by the 
Issuer and are also allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution or an appropriate insurance policy, in 
any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) or (b) above. 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets: 
• 
Deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or in securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and the 
national banks of the EU Member States whose currency is the euro); 
• 
Current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
“A-“ or equivalent; and 
• 
Other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
The Issuer undertakes that on any Business Day the Other Assets include assets specified under (a) above 
corresponding to “AAA” or equivalent rated sovereign bonds from a EU Member-State, or Italian Sovereign 
Bonds, the United States, Japan and/or Canada or other assets specified under (b) above with credit 
institutions having a minimum rating at least equal to “A” or equivalent, in an amount (as calculated by the 
Issuer on such Business Day) at least equal to the interest payments due by the Issuer under the outstanding 
Covered Bonds during the next 90 days. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover 
Pool allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
The geographical scope of eligible assets is restricted to credits guaranteed by first ranking mortgages on 
property located in the EU or loans granted to central governments and regional or local authorities located 
in an EU Member State. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, namely to hedge interest 
rate, exchange rate and liquidity risks. The Bank of Portugal Regulations contain certain rules governing 
the limits and conditions for the use of these hedging contracts. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide to, include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, an Institution is required by the Covered Bonds Law to maintain a register of all the assets 
comprised in the cover pool, including hedging contracts. 
VALUATION AND LTV CRITERIA 
Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with the rules defined by the Bank of Portugal (in particular, pursuant to Notice 
5/2006, which establishes rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of assets and derivatives). 
The maximum Loan-to-Value for residential mortgages is 80 per cent. and 60 per cent. for commercial 
mortgages loans. 
In accordance with article 2(1) of Notice 5/2006) the value of each property securing a mortgage credit 
comprised in a cover pool corresponds to the commercial value of such property, determined in accordance 
with a prudent criteria and taking into consideration: (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such 
property, (ii) the standard conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant property, and 
(iv) any alternative uses of each such property.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of article 2(2) of Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by an issuer of 
covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool may not be 
higher than the market value of the relevant properties. For these purposes, the market value of each property 
corresponds to the price by which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser on the date of 
the valuation of such property, assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the market 
conditions allow for a regular transfer of the property and (iii) there is a normal period of time to negotiate 
the corresponding purchase and sale, considering the nature of the property. 
Notice 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage credits 
included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency for such valuations, 
the appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and transitional provisions 
concerning valuations made prior to the enactment of the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations establish the following asset and liabilities 
matching requirements: 
• 
The global nominal value of the outstanding mortgage covered bonds, cannot exceed 95 per cent. of 
the global value of the mortgage credits and other assets at any time comprised in the relevant cover 
pool (i.e., a mandatory overcollateralisation of 5.2632 per cent.); 
• 
The average maturity of outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed the average maturity of 
the mortgage credits and substitution assets allocated to the relevant issue of covered bonds; 
• 
The total amount of interest to be paid by an Institution under any covered bonds shall not exceed, at 
any point in time, the amount of interest to be collected from the mortgage credits and other assets 
comprised in the cover pool backing the relevant issue of covered bonds – this means, therefore, that 
under the Covered Bonds Law cash flows from the cover pool must at all times be sufficient to meet 
all scheduled payments due to the holders of covered bonds; and 
• 
The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of covered bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law cannot exceed the net present value of the cover pool allocated to such covered bonds, 
including any hedging contracts also comprised in the cover pool. This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis points parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining financial 
and prudential requirements, Institutions are required to use the following criteria:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(i) 
the mortgage credits shall be accounted for the nominal value of their outstanding principal, including 
any accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
the covered bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including accrued but unpaid interest; and  
(iii) in relation to any other assets: 
 
(a) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
 
(b) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for under margin 
valuation rules laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, according to their nominal value, 
including accrued but unpaid interests. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Institution must use the 
exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
The Covered Bonds Law also contains rules regarding the management of the cover pool allocated to one 
or more issues of covered bonds, allowing the Institution, inter alia, to assign new mortgage credits to the 
cover pool. The Institution may also enter into irrevocable credit facilities for the provision of liquidity in 
connection with the liabilities arising under the covered bonds. The credit facility counterparty must have a 
minimum credit rating of “A-” or equivalent. 
An Institution is entitled to enter into derivatives contracts to hedge interest, exchange rate and liquidity 
risks. These derivatives contracts are also included in the cover pool and the derivative counterparties (who 
also benefit from the special creditor privilege) have to be rated “A-” or above. If a particular issue of 
covered bonds is denominated in a currency other than euro, the Institution must enter into adequate hedging 
contracts for the purpose of hedging the relevant currency exchange risk. 
If the limits and requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law are exceeded, the issuer is required to 
remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new mortgage credits, (ii) purchasing outstanding 
covered bonds in the secondary market and/or (iii) allocating other eligible assets. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Institution and, if necessary to comply with 
the prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law, substituted by new mortgage credits.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or pledged if the Institution allocates new 
mortgage credits to the covered bonds sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and prudential 
requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Instruction 13/2006 contains rules to be followed in respect of notices to the Bank of Portugal regarding the 
issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. Prior to a first issuance of covered bonds, and on 
each subsequent issuance, an Institution is required to provide the Bank of Portugal with certain 
documentation and information, including a chart showing the detailed composition of the autonomous pool 
of assets allocated to the covered bonds. On a monthly basis, the Institution is required to provide the Bank 
of Portugal with information on the number and amount of covered bonds outstanding and on any new 
issues of covered bonds and redemptions occurred. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND BANKING SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with the 
CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Institution of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law.  
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the independent auditor is required to issue an annual report covering 
the compliance by the issuer with the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Also, a common representative of the holders of the covered bonds – common to all mortgage or public 
covered bond issues – must be appointed by the Board of Directors of the Institution in order to represent 
the interests of the holders of covered bonds. 
The Bank of Portugal and the CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision, respectively. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation 
The assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Institution to the issues of covered bonds will remain and 
be registered in separate accounts of the Institution. The register will be maintained in codified form and 
the code key will be deposited with the Bank of Portugal. This information will be deposited with the Bank 
of Portugal in the form of a code key. If the holders of Covered Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant 
covered bonds, the common representative of such holders shall request the Bank of Portugal to disclose 
the information associated to such code key pursuant to article 4.5 of the Covered Bonds Law. 
The assets included in the register maintained by the Institution will form a segregate estate over which the 
holders of the covered bonds will have a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório”), in particular in 
case of winding-up and dissolution of the Institution.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
In the event of insolvency of the Institution, the assets allocated to one or more issues of covered bonds will 
be segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by a third party 
until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of covered bonds. In any case, and even if the Institution 
is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines that timely payments of interest and 
reimbursements under the covered bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
In the case of voluntary dissolution of an Institution, the plan for such dissolution and winding-up, which 
shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to Article 35-A of the Credit Institutions General 
Regime, shall identify a substitute credit institution appointed to (i) manage the relevant cover pool allocated 
to the covered bonds outstanding, and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to the holders of 
such covered bonds are made. Such project shall also describe the general framework and conditions under 
which those actions will be rendered by the substitute credit institution. 
If the authorisation of an Institution to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of Portugal 
shall, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, also appoint a substitute credit 
institution to manage the relevant cover pool allocated to the covered bonds outstanding and to ensure that 
payments due to the holders of such covered bonds are made. 
In accordance with Notice 8/2006, any substitute credit institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to 
service the cover pool following insolvency of the Institution shall: (i) immediately upon being appointed, 
prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the cover pool, supplemented by the corresponding 
explanatory notes; (ii) perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for the prudent management of 
the cover pool, including, without limitation, selling the mortgage credits comprised in the cover pool; 
ensuring the timely collection in respect of the mortgage assets comprised in the cover pool; and performing 
all other acts and administrative services in connection with such mortgage assets and related mortgages 
and additional security; (iii) maintain and keep updated a segregated register of the cover pool in accordance 
with the Covered Bonds Law; and (iv) prepare an annual financial report in relation to the cover pool and 
the outstanding covered bonds, which report shall be the subject of an auditing report produced by an 
independent auditor who shall be appointed as cover pool monitor by the substitute credit institution.  
Furthermore, any substitute credit institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the cover pool 
following the insolvency of an Institution shall perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for 
maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under the mortgage credits comprised in the relevant cover 
pool.  
Preferential status for covered bonds holders

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege over 
the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other creditors, for the purpose of redemption of 
principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any 
real estate preferential claims. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest and 
principal under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with unsecured 
creditors of the relevant Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the relevant 
counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege over such cover pool. Accordingly, these 
counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered bonds and, consequently, their 
contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Institution. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of an Institution, a meeting 
of holders of all series of covered bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 majority vote, to accelerate 
the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the estate allocated to 
the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the Covered Bonds Law and in the relevant 
terms and conditions that govern such issue.  
RISK-WEIGHTING & COMPLIANCE WITH EUROPEAN LEGISLATION 
Covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law are in compliance with the requirements 
of paragraph 4 of Article 52 of the UCITS Directive, as well as with subparagraphs (a) to (f) of paragraph 
1 of Article 129 of the CRR. The risk-weighting applicable to covered bonds is also governed by Article 
129 of the CRR. 
Harmonisation OF the EU Covered Bond Framework 
The CBD was published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 
2020, establishing a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes 
(subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive 
through national laws). Member States shall adopt and publish, by 8 July 2021, the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with the CBD and shall apply those measures at the latest 
from 8 July 2022.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the effect 
of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or deemed to be, 
residents.  
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment income 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Covered Bonds not held through a centralised control system  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to individual tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made 
available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive income tax rates of up to 48 per cent.. In the latter circumstance an additional income 
tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules 
will apply.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
In the case of zero coupon Covered Bonds, the difference between the redemption value and the subscription 
cost is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax.  
Capital gains taxation of 28 per cent., applicable to Portuguese resident individuals, will apply on the 
positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer of the Covered 
Bonds, unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive 
rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part of the 
taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as investment income, rather than as capital gains for tax purposes.  
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains realised with the 
transfer of Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal 
persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are 
included in their taxable income and is, as a general rule, subject to (i) a 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer 
is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. 
for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a 
municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. on their taxable profits. A State Surcharge 
(“derrama estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 
up to €7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
and taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. rate.  
Withholding tax on interest and other investment income at a rate of 25 per cent. applies, which is deemed 
a payment on account of the final tax due.  
Portuguese financial institutions, pension funds, collective investment undertakings, retirement and/or 
education savings funds, share savings funds, venture capital funds incorporated under the laws in Portugal 
and some exempt entities are not subject to withholding tax.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules 
will apply.  
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following.  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals is subject to withholding 
tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non-

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
resident in Portugal without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes were 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) 6403/2021, of the Portuguese Minister of State and Finance, published in 
the 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 125, of 21 June, which may be available at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules 
will apply.  
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”).  
Under domestic law, the responsibility to withhold taxes arising from interest payments of the Covered 
Bonds issued by resident entities for tax purposes belong to the registry or depositary entity, as the case may 
be. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation 
unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, 
of 13 February, as amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de 
tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not 
entitled to said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate and should be declared in the 
Portuguese annual tax return to be presented by the seller. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains 
for tax purposes. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, Portugal is usually not allowed to tax such 
gains, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in 
Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable 
to are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident entity is 
more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner 
is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the 
“low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as 
amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis). This 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following 
cumulative requirements are met by the seller: (i) the seller is an entity resident in the European Union or 
in a EEA State which is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation agreement 
in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the 
EU Member States or in any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees the 
exchange of information; (ii) such entity is subject and not exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of the 
Council Directive 2011/96/EU, of 30 November 2011, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 
60 per cent. of the Portuguese corporate income tax rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital 
or voting rights regarding the entity subject to disposal for at least one year uninterruptedly; and (iv) is not 
intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements that have been put into place 
for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage. Although the 
abovementioned cumulative requirements are in full force and effect since 31 March 2016 and apply to 
securities in general, the law is not clear on the application thereof for holders of debt representative 
securities, as some of the alluded requirements appear not to apply to debt representative securities. If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income 
tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.  
Stamp tax at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Covered Bonds 
by an individual who is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse, de 
facto spouse, descendants and parents/grandparents. The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or 
inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or a non-resident acting through a Portuguese permanent 
establishment, as a general rule, is subject to a (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium 
enterprise as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up 
to €25,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(“derrama municipal”) of up to 1,5 per cent. over their taxable profits. A State Surcharge (“derrama 
estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, and

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. rate. No stamp tax applies to the 
acquisition through gift and inheritance of Covered Bonds by an individual who is not domiciled in Portugal. 
The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to 
corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are 
usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.  
There is no wealth or estate tax in Portugal on the Covered Bonds.  
Covered Bonds held through a centralised control system 
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital gains 
on Covered Bonds and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Bonds.  
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-law 193/2005, 
investment income and capital gains on the disposal of debt securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, 
such as the Covered Bonds obtained by non-resident beneficial owners, are exempt from Portuguese income 
tax provided that (i) the debt securities are integrated in a centralised system managed by an entity resident 
in Portugal or by an international clearing system managing entity of a member state of the European Union 
or of the EEA (in this case, the member state of the EEA should be subject to administrative cooperation in 
tax issues similar to the administrative cooperation agreement in force between EU countries), and (ii) the 
beneficial owners are:  
(i) central banks or governmental agencies; or  
(ii) international organisations recognised by the Portuguese State; or  
(iii) entities with residency in countries with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force; or  
(iv) other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in 
a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low 
tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be 
followed on the evidence of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the bonds to which it applies. Under 
these rules, the direct register entity (i.e. the entity affiliated to the centralised system where the securities 
are integrated), as the entity holding the relevant account with the relevant centralised system in which the

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Covered Bonds are integrated, will be under the obligation to obtain and keep proof, in the form described 
below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, 
the evidence of non-residence status should be provided to, and received by, the direct registration entities 
prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for zero coupon Covered 
Bonds), and prior to the transfer of Covered Bonds date, as the case may be. The relevant direct registering 
entity shall withhold the relevant tax if the requirements for a withholding tax exemption are not met.  
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus.  
(a) Domestically Cleared Covered Bonds  
The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below.  
(i) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a central bank, an international organisation or a public 
law institution integrated in the Public Administration (either central, regional, peripheral, indirect 
or autonomous), a declaration of tax residence issued by the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds 
itself, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to (iv) below;  
(ii) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension 
fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision regime 
or administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds and its 
domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iii) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double tax treaty, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following 
documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or 
supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, the law of incorporation and 
domicile; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iv) In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document specifically issued 
by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only 
indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) is not acceptable.  
There are rules regarding the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, 
in particular that the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide an original or a certified copy of the 
residence certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the 
date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3 year period starting on 
the date such document is produced. The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must inform the register entity 
immediately of any change on the requirement conditions that may prevent the tax exemption to apply.  
When the Covered Bonds are held by central banks, governmental agencies, investment funds or other type 
of collective investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country, the respective proof of non-residence 
in Portuguese territory is provided just once, its periodical renewal not being necessary.  
(b) Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds  
If the Covered Bonds are held through a centralised system recognised under the Portuguese Securities Code 
and complementary legislation, and registered in an account with an international clearing system under the 
terms foreseen in Decree-Law 193/2005 (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the identification 
and amount of securities, as well as the amount of income, and, if applicable, the amount of withheld tax, 
shall be communicated (as mentioned below) and the beneficiaries shall be identified under one of the 
following categories:  
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to 
tax withholding; 
(ii) 
Entities with residence in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”) 
no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e 
regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
(iii) Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to 
tax withholdings;

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(iv) Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income would be attributable. 
On each interest payment date, the following information with respect of each one of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) should be communicated: 
(i) 
Name and address; 
(ii) 
Tax identification number (if available); 
(iii) 
Identification and amount of securities held; 
(iv) 
Amount of income. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity shall send the above information to the direct 
register entity, or its representatives, and should send the information regarding all accounts under its 
management.  
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 
if the above rules and procedures are not complied with. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions 
shall apply as described above.  
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 
193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Covered Bonds 
within 6 months from the date the withholding took place. A special tax form for these purposes was 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) 2937/2014, of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published 
in 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 37, of 21 February, which may be available at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed to 
the Portuguese tax authorities under the general procedures and within a 2 years period after the end of the 
year where the income was obtained.  
Automatic exchange of tax information 
 The automatic exchange of information regime to be implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, 
of 15 February (the “Council Directive 2011/16/EU”) on Administrative Cooperation in the field of 
Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December (the “Council Directive 
2014/107/EU”)) is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development in July 2014.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU was transposed to Portuguese national law, on October 2016, by Decree-
Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October (“Portuguese CRS Law”), which amended Decree-Law no. 61/2013, of 
10 May, which transposed Council Directive 2011/16/EU. The Portuguese CRS Law and Decree-Law no. 
61/2013, have been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August. 
Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report 
such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant 
Tax Authorities of EU Member States or States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to 
the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. 
The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the 
account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account 
during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise 
as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law no. 
98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 all information regarding the registration 
of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as 
amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as 
amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Portugal has also implemented, through Law no. 82-B/2014, of 31 December, the legal framework based 
on reciprocal exchange of information on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with 
FATCA. In addition, Portugal has signed the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) with the US on 6 August 
2015. The IGA has entered into force in 10 August 2016, and through the Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 
October, amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, Portuguese government approved the complementary 
regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the referred legislation the Issuer is required to obtain 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, 
which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. In view of the abovementioned regime, all

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
information regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the 
reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by the Ministry of Finance through 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-A/2016, of 2 December, amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
169/2017, of 25 May.  
Covered Bonds may be subject to Financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The EC has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
Currently there is no information regarding participating Member States’ intentions to implement the FTT. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope of 
any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of 
Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS  
The Dealer has in the Programme Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it may from time 
to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Covered Bonds and Clearing 
Systems” and “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by it in connection therewith. 
The following restrictions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are 
initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered 
Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to any Covered Bonds, and that it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, 
it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect:  
“The Covered Bonds covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. US Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “US Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds and except in either case in accordance 
with Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.” 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident in Japan, as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (as amended,  “MiFID II”); or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 January on insurance distribution (as amended,), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA the Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are subject to the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of 
the EEA: 
 
(a) 
at any time to legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds in 
any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, on the prospectus to be published when securities

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC. 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the UK. 
Portugal 
In relation to the Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: the 
Covered Bonds may not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal under circumstances which are 
deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted 
by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended and restated from time to time) (or under 
any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) unless the

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
requirements and provisions applicable to the public offering in Portugal are met and registration, filing, 
approval or passport procedures with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado 
de Valores Mobiliários, “CMVM”) is made; regarding any offer or sale of Covered Bonds by it in Portugal 
or to individuals resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment in Portugal, it will comply with 
all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code 
(and any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), any regulations 
issued by the CMVM, the Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, and other than 
in compliance with all such laws and regulations: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or 
offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or delivered and 
will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment 
intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Covered Bonds in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to any legislation 
which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) and other applicable securities 
legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portugal, as the 
case may be; (ii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, 
make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds to the public in Portugal. Private placements addressed by companies open to public 
investment (sociedades abertas) or by companies issuing securities listed on a regulated market shall be 
subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics purposes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified 
as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer agrees that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealer represents that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with the Dealer or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds whereby the Dealer may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid and 
offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote 
bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the 
relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the 
relevant agreement. Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such 
agreements. A description of the main terms of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the 
relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by (i) resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 13 December 2007, renewed by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 
January 2017 and 25 January 2019 and (ii) the Programme has been subsequently updated by duly 
authorisations of the Issuer relevant management body, the last update having been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Executive Committee of the Issuer dated 18 October 2021, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Law.  
Listing 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to Euronext for the 
admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on the regulated market Euronext 
Lisbon. 
Interbolsa 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for settlement through Interbolsa. The appropriate common code 
(if applicable) and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been (A) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the publication of the 
Issuer’s 2020 Report (Audited consolidated financial statements) as of 31 December 2020, and (B) no 
significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and BPI Group since the publication 
of the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated results as at 30 September 2021. 
Litigation  
On 2 February 2017, the Issuer informed the market that on 30 January 2017 was notified osf a legal action 
challenging a corporate resolution.  
Such legal action challenges the validity of the Issuer’s General Meeting resolution passed on 13 December 
2016 (the “Resolution”), which approved the Issuer’s Board of Directors proposal to sell to Unitel, S.A. a 
stakeholding comprised of 26 111 (twenty-six thousand, one hundred and eleven) shares, representing 2 per 
cent. of the share capital of Banco de Fomento Angola, S.A., pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement 
mentioned above. The legal action was filed by 4 individuals (the “Claimants”) who stated that they

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
together held 175 920 shares, representing 0.0121 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital. The Issuer 
understands that the merits relied on to support the invalidity of the resolution do not proceed. In July 2019, 
the Court of First Instance issued its decision. This decision dismissed all the grounds alleged by the Authors 
to sustain the Resolution’s invalidity and acquitted the Issuer. This decision was appealed by the Claimants 
to the Court of Second Instance. This Court confirmed the decision from the Court of First Instance. The 
Claimants appealed the decision from the Court of Second Instance to the Supreme Court. In February 2021, 
the Supreme Court confirmed that the appeal was admissible and that it would therefore hear the appeal, but 
it has not yet issued its decision. Although trusting that its position will prevail, the Issuer cannot predict 
the outcome of this decision. The abovementioned legal action and the Issuer’ notification in such action do 
not suspend the effects of the contested decision.  
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority (“PCA”), under the powers legally attributed to it, opened 
administrative infraction proceedings against 15 banks operating in the Portuguese market, including the 
Issuer, due to alleged competition restrictive practices. On 1 June 2015, the Issuer was served the statement 
of objections, where it was accused of breaching the rules on competition.  
On 27 September 2017, the Issuer presented its defence. During the process, and whenever appropriate, the 
Issuer appealed against several interlocutory rulings issued by the Competition Authority, which the Issuer 
considered as susceptible of violating its rights. 
On 9 September 2019, the Issuer was notified of PCA’s decision which concluded that (i) the Issuer and 
other Portuguese banks had engaged in an exchange of information regarding past credit volumes and 
regarding spreads that were due to be publicly disclosed and enter into force in a matter of days and (ii) that 
such conduct should be considered as an infringement by object. As a result, PCA decided to impose fines 
to all banks involved. The fine imposed on BPI was of 30 million euros.  
The Issuer appealed this decision to the Competition Court as it considers that has it has not committed the 
infringements attributed to it by the PCA and that therefore there should be no grounds for a conviction. As 
it shows in its appeal, the Issuer considers that (a) not only the alleged exchange of information did not 
occur as it is described by PCA (b) but also that (i) the exchange of information did not meet the conditions 
to be considered apt to result in negative effects to competition (ii) and it did not effectively caused any 
negative competitive effects, namely, it did not harm consumers. Although trusting that its position will 
prevail, the Issuer cannot predict the outcome of this appeal. 
On December 2020, BPI presented to the Court a bank guarantee in an amount corresponding to half of the 
amount of the fine imposed by the appealed decision. This bank guarantee was accepted by the Court and, 
as a result, the decision’s effects are now suspended until a final court decision is reached on the case.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
In the meantime, the Court decided to schedule the start of the case’s hearing for next September. The case’s 
hearing is scheduled to last at least until December 2021. 
Save as disclose above, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Ratings Information  
The ratings assigned to the Issuer from time to time are available for consultation at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp?riIdArea=AreaDivida&riChgLng=1&riLang=en&riId=IRatings&riIdTo
po. The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa2/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody's, BBB / F2 with stable outlook by Fitch and BBB/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P.  
Pursuant to Moody’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to Banco BPI means that 
“obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics”. The modifier “2” indicates a mid-range ranking in this generic 
rating category and “stable outlook” indicates the likely direction of the rating over the medium term. 
Pursuant to Fitch’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to Banco BPI means that “BBB 
ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair 
this capacity”. “Negative outlook” indicates the direction the rating is likely to move over a one- to two-
year period. 
Pursuant to Standard & Poor’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to Banco BPI means 
that “an obligor rated BBB has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments”. “Stable outlook” indicates that the rating is not likely to change over the 
intermediate term (typically six months to two years). 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection at https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp:

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (which will also be available on the website of Banco BPI 
(www.ir.bpi.pt)); 
(b) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
Banco 
BPI 
(https://rep.bancobpi.pt/RepMultimedia/getMultimedia.asp?channel=Multimedia%20-%20RI%20-
%20Informa%E7%E3o%20Obrig%20Investidores&content=Estatutos_Contrato_BancoBPI_PT); 
(c) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of Banco BPI and Auditors' reports contained in Banco 
BPI's Annual Report in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/pt/ficheiros/RC/BancoBPIRelatorioContas2019.pdf), 31 December 2020 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=F17CF7B5-1C27-43D4-B119-AE12FDD55E23);  
(d) 
the consolidated financial statements of Banco BPI and Auditors’ review report on the Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the period ended 30 June 2021 contained in Banco BPI's First 
half 
2021 
Report 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=F290C486-54A1-4571-80E2-CEF775DDC55F) and  
(e) 
the results presentation relating to the unaudited consolidated results as of 30 September 2021 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro2.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=878C3CD6-D584-4E4B-8572-6E732F98DD0D); 
(f) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(g) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures; 
(h) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement; 
(i) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other 
than the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;  
(j) 
any relevant Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity); and 
in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the relevant 
subscription agreement (or equivalent document).

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, any supplements and any relevant Final Terms are available on the official 
CMVM's website (www.cmvm.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its publication.  
Post-issuance reporting 
Any information which the Issuer is required by law or regulation to provide in relation to itself or securities 
issued by it, including the Covered Bonds, will be made available at www.cmvm.pt.  
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds (Covered Bonds (HTT) 
– Investor Report), including information on the Cover Pool and the applicable Overcollateralisation 
Percentage. 
Such 
reports 
are 
available 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp?riIdArea=AreaDivida&riId=ProgramaEmissoesOH2. 
The following information could be found on the June 2021 Investor Report:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
1. Current Credit Ratings 
  
Long Term 
Short Term 
Banco BPI Mortgage Covered Bond 
Programme  
Aa3 / AA (low) (Moody's / DBRS) 
n/a 
Banco BPI 
 
Baa2 / BBB / BBB (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
P-2 / A-2 / F2 (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
Portugal 
  
Baa3 / BBB / BBB / BBBH (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / 
DBRS) 
P-3 / A-2 / F2 / R-1L  (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / DBRS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Covered Bonds 
  
Issue Date 
Coupon 
Maturity Date 
Soft Bullet Date1 
Remainin
g Term 
(years) 
Nominal Amount (EUR) 
Covered Bonds Outstanding 
  
  
  
  
  
2,60 
7.300.000.000,00 
  
 
 
 
 
 
7.300.000.000,00 
Series 9 (ISIN PTBBP6OE0023) 
 
21/05/2010 
Floating 
21/05/2025 
21/05/2026 
3,89 
350.000.000,00 
Series 14 (ISIN 
PTBBRROE0048) 
 
30/03/2015 
Floating 
31/03/2025 
30/03/2026 
3,75 
1.250.000.000,00 
Series 16 (ISIN 
PTBBP7OE0022) 
 
30/05/2016 
Floating 
30/05/2023 
30/05/2024 
1,91 
500.000.000,00 
Series 17 (ISIN 
PTBBBGOE0023) 
 
22/02/2017 
Floating 
22/02/2024 
24/02/2025 
2,65 
700.000.000,00 
Series 18 (ISIN 
PTBBBJOM0020) 
 
25/07/2017 
Floating 
25/07/2022 
25/07/2023 
1,07 
1.750.000.000,00 
Series 19 (ISIN 
PTBPITOM0017) 
 
02/03/2018 
Floating 
02/03/2023 
02/03/2024 
1,67 
300.000.000,00 
Series 20 (ISIN 
PTBPIYOM0028) 
 
26/09/2018 
Floating 
26/09/2025 
26/09/2026 
4,24 
250.000.000,00 
Series 21 (ISIN 
PTBPIZOM0027) 
 
13/12/2018 
Floating 
13/12/2022 
13/12/2023 
1,45 
300.000.000,00 
Series 22 (ISIN 
PTBPIAOM0026) 
 
22/03/2019 
Fixed 
22/03/2024 
22/03/2025 
2,73 
500.000.000,00 
Series 23 (ISIN 
PTBPIHOM0037) 
 
20/12/2019 
Floating 
20/12/2024 
20/12/2025 
3,47 
1.400.000.000,00 
CRD Compliant (yes/no) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Yes 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Asset Cover Test 
  
  
  
  
  
Remainin
g Term 
(years) 
Nominal Amount (EUR) 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
12,71 
8.610.769.818,91 
Other Assets2 (cash, deposits and securities) 
 
 
 
 
0,00 
21.864.353,77 
Cash and depositsa 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00 
21.864.353,77

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Other securities 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00 
0,00 
Total Cover Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
12,68 
8.632.634.172,68 
Current overcollateralisation3 
(%) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
18,26% 
Committed overcollateralisation 
(%) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
14,00% 
Required overcollateralisation (Moody's) 
(%) 
 
 
 
 
 
1,50% 
Legal minimum overcollateralisation (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
5,26% 
aIncludes the Liquidity Cushion amount (see 
section 8) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Other Triggers 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives)4 
 
 
 
 
 
10.442.240.241,86 
Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. 
derivatives)4 
 
 
 
 
 
7.993.374.856,15 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities 
(incl. derivatives) >=0 
 
 
 
OK 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 
(stress of +200 bps) 
 
 
OK 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 
(stress of -200 bps) 
 
 
OK 
Other Assets <= 20% (Credit Pool + Other 
Assets) 
 
 
 
 
 
OK 
Deposits with a remaining term > 100 days <= 15% Covered 
Bonds Nominal 
 
 
 
 
OK 
Estimated Interest from Mortgage Credit and Other Assets - Estimated Interest from 
Covered Bonds >= 0  
 
 
 
OK 
Mortgage Credit + Other Assets WA Remaining Term - Covered Bonds WA 
Remaining Term >= 0  
  
  
  
OK 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. Currency Exposure 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cover Pool includes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets in a currency different than Euro 
(yes/no) 
 
 
 
 
 
No 
Liabilities in a currency different than Euro 
(yes/no) 
 
 
 
 
 
No 
Cross currency swaps (yes/no) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Currency Exposure Detail 
  
  
  
  
  
  
n/a 
 
6. Mortgage Credit Pool 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Main Characteristics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Number of loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
174.442 
 
Original principal balance (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13.164.438.199,0
3 
 
Current principal balance (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8.610.769.818,91 
 
Average original principal balance per 
loan (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
75.465,99 
 
Average current principal balance per 
loan (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
49.361,79 
 
Current principal balance of the 5 
largest borrowers (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
7.885.403,41 
 
Weight of the 5 largest borrowers (current principal 
balance) (%) 
 
 
 
 
0,09% 
 
Current principal balance of the 10 
largest borrowers (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
13.327.806,77 
 
Weight of the 10 largest borrowers (current principal 
balance) (%) 
 
 
 
 
0,15% 
 
Weighted average seasoning (months) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118,07 
 
Weighted average remaining term 
(months) 
 
 
 
 
 
291,81 
 
Weighted average life (months) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
152,54 
 
Weighted average current unindexed 
LTV5 (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
53,81% 
 
Weighted average interest rate (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,77% 
 
Weighted average spread (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,18% 
 
Max maturity date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
05/02/2070 
 
Subsidized Loans 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Yes 
 
 
 
19.253 
11,04% 
528.055.490,68 
6,13% 
 
No 
 
 
 
155.189 
88,96% 
8.082.714.328,2
3 
93,87% 
 
Insured Property6 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%)

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Yes 
 
 
 
174.442 
100,00% 
8.610.769.818,9
1 
100,00% 
 
No 
 
 
 
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00% 
 
Interest Rate Type 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Fixed 
 
 
 
8.375 
4,80% 
559.380.494,24 
6,50% 
 
Floating 
  
  
  
166.067 
95,20% 
8.051.389.324,6
7 
93,50% 
 
Repayment Type 
  
  
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Annuity / French  
 
 
 
141.230 
80,96% 
6.593.391.875,4
4 
76,57% 
 
Increasing instalments  
 
 
 
21.208 
12,16% 
1.263.310.563,1
7 
14,67% 
 
Interest-only  
 
 
 
11.482 
6,58% 
727.749.574,72 
8,45% 
 
Other  
  
  
  
522 
0,30% 
26.317.805,58 
0,31% 
 
6. Mortgage Credit Pool (continued) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Seasoning 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Up to 1 year 
 
 
 
4.661 
2,67% 
463.016.191,86 
5,38% 
 
1 to 2 years 
 
 
 
8.135 
4,66% 
783.098.193,74 
9,09% 
 
2 to 3 years 
 
 
 
6.155 
3,53% 
521.469.041,31 
6,06% 
 
3 to 4 years 
 
 
 
7.135 
4,09% 
570.639.615,91 
6,63% 
 
4 to 5 years 
 
 
 
6.250 
3,58% 
453.040.201,79 
5,26% 
 
5 to 6 years 
 
 
 
5.170 
2,96% 
373.239.285,53 
4,33% 
 
6 to 7 years 
 
 
 
2.783 
1,60% 
177.487.310,75 
2,06% 
 
7 to 8 years 
 
 
 
2.199 
1,26% 
134.689.261,58 
1,56% 
 
8 to 9 years 
 
 
 
2.278 
1,31% 
132.855.275,40 
1,54% 
 
9 to 10 years 
 
 
 
1.988 
1,14% 
122.773.867,87 
1,43% 
 
10 to 11 years 
 
 
 
5.458 
3,13% 
339.911.603,40 
3,95% 
 
11 to 12 years 
 
 
 
11.628 
6,67% 
693.487.494,02 
8,05% 
 
More than 12 years 
  
  
  
110.602 
63,40% 
3.845.062.475,7
5 
44,65% 
 
Remaining Term 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%)

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Up to 5 years 
 
 
 
13.291 
7,62% 
106.388.076,28 
1,24% 
 
5 to 8 years 
 
 
 
10.527 
6,03% 
193.764.161,97 
2,25% 
 
8 to 10 years 
 
 
 
12.346 
7,08% 
295.612.865,89 
3,43% 
 
10 to 12 years 
 
 
 
16.094 
9,23% 
441.232.258,32 
5,12% 
 
12 to 14 years 
 
 
 
9.547 
5,47% 
337.761.191,10 
3,92% 
 
14 to 16 years 
 
 
 
8.276 
4,74% 
336.880.991,61 
3,91% 
 
16 to 18 years 
 
 
 
9.374 
5,37% 
416.050.438,80 
4,83% 
 
18 to 20 years 
 
 
 
8.673 
4,97% 
442.843.192,76 
5,14% 
 
20 to 22 years 
 
 
 
8.451 
4,84% 
462.999.351,27 
5,38% 
 
22 to 24 years 
 
 
 
11.066 
6,34% 
615.682.134,73 
7,15% 
 
24 to 26 years 
 
 
 
14.016 
8,03% 
850.616.419,73 
9,88% 
 
26 to 28 years 
 
 
 
14.908 
8,55% 
970.649.071,46 
11,27% 
 
28 to 30 years 
 
 
 
14.292 
8,19% 
1.086.847.531,9
6 
12,62% 
 
30 to 40 years 
 
 
 
21.939 
12,58% 
1.922.232.590,5
2 
22,32% 
 
More than 40 years 
  
  
  
1.642 
0,94% 
131.209.542,51 
1,52% 
 
Current Unindexed LTV 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Up to 40% 
 
 
 
72.399 
41,50% 
2.011.528.450,0
9 
23,36% 
 
40 to 50% 
 
 
 
24.129 
13,83% 
1.197.393.658,0
4 
13,91% 
 
50 to 60% 
 
 
 
26.513 
15,20% 
1.572.934.781,5
7 
18,27% 
 
60 to 70% 
 
 
 
30.208 
17,32% 
2.030.498.850,3
4 
23,58% 
 
70 to 80% 
 
 
 
21.181 
12,14% 
1.797.376.759,6
0 
20,87% 
 
More than 80% 
  
  
  
12 
0,01% 
1.037.319,27 
0,01% 
 
Loan Purpose 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Own Home  
 
 
 
129.212 
74,07% 
7.105.978.439,3
7 
82,52% 
 
Own Permanent Home  
 
 
 
40.976 
23,49% 
1.260.905.272,1
2 
14,64% 
 
Own Second Home  
 
 
 
2.283 
1,31% 
134.560.303,71 
1,56%

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Home to Let  
  
  
  
1.971 
1,13% 
109.325.803,71 
1,27% 
 
Property Type 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Residential 
 
 
 
174.442 
100,00% 
8.610.769.818,9
1 
100,00% 
 
Flat  
 
 
 
104.735 
60,04% 
4.950.727.078,6
7 
57,49% 
 
House  
 
 
 
68.689 
39,38% 
3.584.445.593,9
0 
41,63% 
 
Other  
 
 
 
1.018 
0,58% 
75.597.146,34 
0,88% 
 
Commercial 
 
 
 
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00% 
 
Geographical Distribution 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
Portugal 
 
 
 
174.442 
100,00% 
8.610.769.818,9
1 
100,00% 
 
Lisboa  
 
 
 
64.538 
37,00% 
3.527.833.489,1
6 
40,97% 
 
Norte  
 
 
 
46.495 
26,65% 
2.152.085.837,4
9 
24,99% 
 
Centro  
 
 
 
36.865 
21,13% 
1.573.696.932,9
4 
18,28% 
 
Alentejo  
 
 
 
12.439 
7,13% 
583.505.876,84 
6,78% 
 
Algarve  
 
 
 
8.912 
5,11% 
504.299.828,63 
5,86% 
 
Açores  
 
 
 
2.615 
1,50% 
140.219.964,90 
1,63% 
 
Madeira  
  
  
  
2.578 
1,48% 
129.127.888,95 
1,50% 
 
Delinquencies7 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount 
(%) 
 
> 30 to 60 days 
 
 
 
76 
0,04% 
4.019.160,41 
0,05% 
 
> 60 to 90 days 
 
 
 
8 
0,00% 
389.133,47 
0,00% 
 
> 90 days 
  
  
  
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00%

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
 
 
Projected Outstanding Amountb 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation 
Profile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date 
Principal Balance (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/21 
8.632.634.172,68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/22 
8.189.273.476,89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/23 
7.772.698.181,72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/24 
7.361.779.183,63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/25 
6.956.884.316,20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/26 
6.558.402.282,74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/27 
6.166.255.824,10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/28 
5.780.621.952,04 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/29 
5.403.010.649,74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/30 
5.035.479.163,93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/31 
4.682.096.824,85 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/32 
4.346.457.489,93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/37 
2.887.125.333,48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/42 
1.689.059.512,25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/47 
770.948.780,10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/52 
281.436.639,07 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jun/57 
70.733.670,21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
bIncludes mortgage pool and other assets; assumes no prepayments (constant prepayment rate of 0%)

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
7. Expected Maturity Structure 
30/06/2022 
30/06/2023 
30/06/2024 
30/06/2025 
30/06/2026 
30/06/2031 
  
In EUR 
0-1 year 
1-2 years 
2-3 years 
3-4 years 
4-5 years 
5-10 years 
>10 years 
Residential Mortgagesb 
421.496.342,02 
416.575.295,17 
410.918.998,09 
404.894.867,43 398.482.033,46 1.876.305.457,89 4.682.096.824,85 
Commercial Mortgages 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
Other Assets 
21.864.353,77 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
Total Cover Pool 
443.360.695,79 
416.575.295,17 
410.918.998,09 
404.894.867,43 398.482.033,46 1.876.305.457,89 4.682.096.824,85 
Total Covered Bonds 
0,00 2.850.000.000,00 1.200.000.000,00 3.000.000.000,00 250.000.000,00 
0,00 
0,00 
bAssumes no prepayments (constant 
prepayment rate of 0%)

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
“Additional Security” means any other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of a Mortgage Credit. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to holders of Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 30 April 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended.  
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto.  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) of the Terms and Conditions is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“Arranger” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto. 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto. 
“Bank of Portugal Regulations” means the legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal regulating certain 
aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, namely Notice 5/2006, Notice 6/2006, Notice 8/2006 and Instruction 
13/2006 and any relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by the Bank of Portugal in the future. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 25 November 2021, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate, the 
occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer. 
“BPI Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET System is open. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in this Base Prospectus, has the meaning 
ascribed to in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“Clearing System” means Interbolsa.  
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered 
office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 20 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended from time to time. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions”. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, 
and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, as specified in the 
Register.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, Lda., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas”) with number 183 and, and registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161485, with 
its registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal.  
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended from time to time. 
“Covered Bond” means any mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds 
Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended from time to time. 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investments firms, as amended from time to time. 
“Credit Institutions General Regime” means Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as amended from 
time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time. 
“CSD” means a central securities depositary. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
" D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284, 4100-476 Porto. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means, in respect of Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution of each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the 
relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue). 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority. 
“EC” means the European Commission. 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May, on the introduction of the euro, as amended from 
time to time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Eurosystem” means the monetary authority which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of 
the EU Member States whose currency is the Euro. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor.  
“Final Settlement Date” means the date which the financial settlement becomes definitive and irrevocable 
after the Bank of Portugal’s confirmation to Interbolsa. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GBP”, “£”or “pounds sterling” means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to the Cover 
Pool. 
“IGCP” means the Agência de Gestão da Tesouraria e da Dívida Pública - IGCP, E.P.E. 
“IMF” means the International Monetary Fund.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“INE” means the Statistics Portugal. 
“Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and 
regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 October, Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 
December and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced 
by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March). 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 15 November 2006 relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to 
the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of 
Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários). 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 “Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 
(Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Banco BPI, S.A. 
“Loan-to-Value” means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such Mortgage 
Credit to the Current Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
“Maturity” means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable;

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its 
affiliates or successor. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of voluntary mortgage over the 
relevant Property the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage 
Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional 
Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the following eligibility criteria 
established in the Covered Bonds Law:  
(a) 
it is a pecuniary receivable not yet matured, which is neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, 
judicially seized or apprehended and which is secured by first ranking mortgages over residential or 
commercial real estate located in an EU Member State; 
(b) 
notwithstanding (a) above, it is a pecuniary receivable secured by a junior mortgage but where all 
Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto are held by the Issuer and also allocated to the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
it is a receivable secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution, or (ii) an 
appropriate insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing (a) 
or (b) above. 
 “Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for mortgage 
credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. 
“Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage 
covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
“Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution 
which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered Bonds.  
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply with 
the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover Pool as 
specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or in securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem;  
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating required at 
any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be at least 
“A-” or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal; 
The Issuer undertakes that on any Business Day the Other Assets include assets specified under (a) above 
corresponding to “AAA” or equivalent rated sovereign bonds from a EU Member-State, or Italian Sovereign 
Bonds, the United States, Japan and/or Canada or other assets specified under (b) above with credit 
institutions having a minimum rating at least equal to “A” or equivalent, in an amount (as calculated by the 
Issuer on such Business Day) at least equal to the interest payments due by the Issuer under the outstanding 
Covered Bonds during the next 90 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred under 
the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and Hedge 
Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” means 105.26 per cent. or such other percentage as may be selected 
by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be reduced 
by the Issuer below 105.26 per cent.; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated A3 or above by 
Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the 
purposes of Condition 15, unless, always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody’s has confirmed in

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
writing to the Issuer that such reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered 
Bonds by Moody’s being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long as the 
Covered Bonds are not rated A3 or above by Moody’s, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 15. 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds 
under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund” means the Portuguese resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law no. 31-
A/2012, of 10 February. 
“Portuguese Commercial Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-
Law no. 262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of 
Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Programme” means the €9,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 30 April 2008 for the 
issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealer, as amended from time to time.  
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such Property 
in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the 
relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Notice 5/2006; and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognised indexes or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law and Notice 5/2006. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June, as amended from time to time. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings; 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
“Registered Covered Bond” means any Covered Bond in registered form. 
“Regulation S” means the United States Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to 
Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Single Resolution Board” means resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM 
Regulation. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the central institution for bank resolution in the EU, which is the 
second pillar of the banking union and which applies to banks covered by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July, as amended. 
“Stabilising Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be 
listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation 
to any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered 
Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
“Substitute Credit Institution” means the credit institution appointed in case of an Insolvency Event to 
manage the Cover Pool allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and to ensure the payments of the 
amounts due to the holders of such Covered Bonds. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
(TARGET 2). 
 “Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Portuguese Tax and Customs Authority, the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. 
Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
 “Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be endorsed 
on or applicable to the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be 
construed in relation to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
“US” or “USA” means the United States of America. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “US dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America. 
“UCITS Directive” means Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July, 
relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, as amended from time to time. 
“Value” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an 
amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with any 
matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of Loan to Value calculation, an amount equal 
to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register;  
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, as 
entered on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the Eurosystem 
for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the nominal value of 
such securities, including matured and accrued interests.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), BPI uses a number of indicators in the analysis of the performance and financial position 
which are classified as Alternative Performance Indicators (APM) in accordance with the guidelines set by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA about the disclosure of Alternative Performance 
Measures by entities published on 5 October 2015 (ESMA / 2015/ 1415). These indicators, which were not 
audited, are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial information prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS. In addition, the way the Issuer defined and calculated these indicators may differ 
from the way similar indicators are computed by other companies and may therefore not be comparable. 
The following is a list of alternative performance indicators used by the Issuer, together with a reconciliation 
between certain management indicators and the consolidated financial statements and their notes prepared 
in accordance with IFRS.  
ESMA Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, 
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable 
financial reporting framework. Following the recommendations of ESMA Guidelines, the Issuer has copied 
hereunder its latest list of APMs.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Reconciliation of the consolidated profit & loss account structure 
Structure used in the 
Results' Presentation 
Sep 21  
Sep 21 
Structure presented in the financial statements and respective notes 
Net interest income 
342,4  
342,4 
Net interest income 
Dividend income 
99,7  
99,7 
Dividend income 
Equity accounted income 
31,9  
31,9 
Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity 
method 
Net fee and commission 
income 
204,3  
220,9 
Fee and commission income 
  
   
-16,5 
Fee and commission expenses 
Gains/(losses) on financial 
assets and liabilities and other 
24,5  
0,1 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
net 
 
 
 
2,5 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
 
 
 
3,0 
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net 
 
 
 
-1,3 
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net 
  
   
20,3 
Exchange differences [gain or (-) loss], net 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
-38,4  
29,7 
Other operating income  
 
 
 
-68,1 
Other operating expenses 
Gross income 
664,4  
664,4 
GROSS INCOME 
Staff expenses 
-187,0  
-187,0 
Staff expenses 
Other administrative expenses 
-108,1  
-108,1 
Other administrative expenses 
Depreciation and amortisation 
-45,1  
-45,1 
Depreciation 
Operating expenses 
-340,1  
-340,1 
Administrative expenses and depreciation 
Net operating income 
324,3  
324,3 
  
Impairment losses and other 
provisions 
-32,1  
-3,0 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
  
   
-29,2 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Gains and losses in other assets 
0,5  
 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
 
 
 
 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
 
 
 
0,0 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of non financial assets, net 
0,5 
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued 
operations 
Net income before income 
tax 
292,7  
292,7 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
Income tax 
-50,8  
-50,8 
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations 
Net income from continuing 
operations 
242,0  
242,0 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Net income from discontinued 
operations 
   
  
Profit or (-) loss after tax from discontinued operations 
Income attributable to non-
controlling interests  
 
 
 
Profit or (-) loss for the period attributable to non-controlling interests 
Net income 
242,0  
242,0 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT 
 
EARNINGS, EFFICIENCY AND PROFITABILITY INDICATORS 
The following earnings, efficiency and profitability indicators are defined by reference to the above structure of the profit and loss account used in this document. 
Gross income 
Net interest income + Dividend income + Net fee and commission income + Equity accounted income + Gains/(losses) on financial 
assets and liabilities and other + Other operating income and expenses 
Commercial banking gross income 
Net interest income + Dividend income + Net fee and commission income + Equity accounted income excluding the contribution of 
stakes in African banks 
Operating expenses 
Staff expenses + Other administrative expenses + Depreciation and amortisation 
Net operating income 
Gross income – Operating expenses 
Net income before income tax 
Net operating income – Impairment losses and other provisions + Gains and losses in other assets 
Cost-to-income ratio (efficiency ratio)1)  
Operating expenses / Gross income 
Cost-to-core income ratio (core efficiency 
ratio)1)  
Operating expenses, excluding costs with early-retirements and voluntary terminations and (only in 2016) gains with the revision of 
the Collective Labour Agreement (ACT) – Income from services rendered to CaixaBank Group (recorded under Other operating 
income and expenses) / Commercial banking gross income 
Return on Equity (ROE)1)  
Net income for the period, less the interest cost of AT1 capital instruments recorded directly in shareholders’ equity / Average value 
in the period of shareholders' equity attributable to BPI shareholders, excluding AT1 capital instruments

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) 1)  
Net income for the period, less the interest cost of AT1 capital instruments recorded directly in shareholders’ equity / Average value 
in the period of shareholders' equity attributable to BPI shareholders (excl. AT1 capital instruments)  after deduction of intangible net 
assets and goodwill of equity holdings 
Return on Assets (ROA)1)  
(Net income attributable to BPI shareholders + Income attributable to non-controlling interests - preference shares dividends paid) / 
Average value in the period of net total assets 
Unitary intermediation margin 
Loan portfolio average interest rate, excluding loans to employees – Deposits average interest rate 
BALANCE SHEET AND FUNDING INDICATORS 
On-balance sheet Customer resources2)  
Deposits + Capitalisation insurance of fully consolidated subsidiaries + Participating units in consolidated mutual funds 
▪ 
Deposits = Demand deposits and other + Term and savings deposits +  Interest payable + Retail bonds (Fixed rate bonds 
placed with Customers) 
▪ 
Capitalisation insurance of fully consolidated subsidiaries (BPI Vida e Pensões sold on Dec.17) 
Assets under management3)  
Mutual funds + Capitalisation insurance + Pension plans 
▪ 
Mutual funds = Unit trust funds + Real estate investment funds + Retirement-savings and equity-savings plans (PPR and 
PPA) 
+ 
Hedge 
funds 
+ 
Assets 
from 
the 
funds 
under 
BPI 
Suisse 
management 
+ Third-party unit trust funds placed with Customers. 
▪ 
Capitalisation insurance4) = Third-party capitalisation insurance placed with Customers 
▪ 
Pension plans4) = Pension plans under BPI management (includes BPI pension plans) 
Subscriptions in public offerings 
Customers subscriptions in third parties’ public offerings  
 
BALANCE SHEET AND FUNDING INDICATORS (continuation) 
Total Customer resources  
On-balance sheet Customer resources  + Assets under management + Subscriptions in public offerings

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
Gross loans to customers 
Gross loans and advances to Customers (financial assets at amortised cost), excluding other assets (guarantee accounts and others) and 
reverse repos + Gross debt securities issued by Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) 
Note: gross loans = performing loans + loans in arrears + receivable interests  
Net loans to Customers  
Gross loans to Customers – Impairments for loans to Customers 
Loan-to-deposit 
ratio 
(CaixaBank 
criteria)   
(Net loans to Customers - Funding obtained from the EIB, which is used to provide credit) / Deposits and retail bonds 
ASSET QUALITY INDICATORS 
Impairments and provisions for loans 
and guarantees (income statement) 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss relative to loans and advances 
to Customers and to debt securities issued by Customers (financial assets at amortised cost), before deduction of recoveries of loans 
previously written off from assets, interest and others + Provisions or reversal of provisions for commitments and guarantees 
Cost of credit risk  
Impairments and provisions for loans and guarantees - Recoveries of loans previously written off from assets, interest and other 
Cost of credit risk as % of loan 
portfolio1) 
(Impairments and provisions for loans and guarantees - Recoveries of loans previously written off from assets, interest and other) / 
Average value in the period of the gross loans and guarantees portfolio. 
Performing loans portfolio 
Gross Customer loans - (Overdue loans and interest + Receivable interests and other) 
NPE Ratio  
Ratio of non-performing exposures (NPE) in accordance with the EBA criteria (prudential perimeter) 
Coverage of NPE  
[Impairments for loans and advances to Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments for debt securities issued by 
Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments and provisions for guarantees and commitments] / Non-performing 
exposures (NPE)

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Coverage of NPE by impairments and 
associated collaterals  
[Impairments for loans and advances to Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments for debt securities issued by 
Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments and provisions for guarantees and commitments + Collaterals associated 
to NPE] / Non-performing exposures (NPE) 
Non-performing loans ratio (“credito 
dudoso”, Bank of Spain criteria)  
Non performing loans (“credito dudoso”, Bank of Spain criteria) / (Gross Customer loans + guarantees) 
Non-performing loans coverage ratio 
[Impairments for loans and advances to Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments for debt securities issued by 
Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments and provisions for guarantees and commitments] / Non performing loans 
(“credito dudoso”, Bank of Spain criteria)  
Coverage of non-performing loans by 
impairments and associated collaterals  
[Impairments for loans and advances to Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments for debt securities issued by 
Customers (financial assets at amortised cost) + Impairments and provisions for guarantees and commitments + Collateral associated to 
credit] / Non performing loans (“credito dudoso”, Bank of Spain criteria)  
Impairments 
cover 
of 
foreclosed 
properties 
Impairments for real estate received in settlement of defaulting loans / Gross value of real estate received in settlement of defaulting 
loans 
 
(1) Ratio referring to the last 12 months, except when indicated otherwise. The ratio can be computed for the cumulative period since the beginning of the year, in annualised 
terms.  
(2) The amount of on-balance sheet Customer resources is not deducted from the applications of off-balance sheets products (mutual funds and pension plans) in on-balance 
sheet products. 
(3) Amounts deducted from participating units in the Group banks' portfolios and from off-balance sheet products investments (mutual funds and pension plans) in other off-
balance sheet products. 
(4) Following the sale of BPI Vida e Pensões in Dec.17, the capitalisation insurance placed with BPI's Customers are recorded off balance sheet, as "third-party capitalisation 
insurance placed with customers” and pension funds management is excluded from BPI's consolidation perimeter.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284  
4100-476 Porto 
Portugal  
 
ARRANGER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284  
4100-476 Porto 
Portugal 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR  
Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd 
1069-316 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
DEALER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284  
4100-476 Porto  
Portugal  
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1 
46023 Valencia  
Spain

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
AGENT 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Rua Tenente Valadim, no. 284  
4100-476 Porto 
Portugal 
 
AUDITOR 
To Banco BPI, S.A. 
Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd 
1069-316 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados Sociedade de Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal