--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
 
€40,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme  
 
Under this €40,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (the Issuer or BBVA) may from time to time 
issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).   
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the Group. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes) as Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes. Senior Notes may be Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Subordinated Notes may be Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. The Notes may be governed by 
English law or Spanish law. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €40,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described in this Offering Circular.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each, a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in 
this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed or for which subscribers are being procured for by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe or to procure subscribers for such Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner and form in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
Potential investors should note the statements on pages 182 to 186 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Notes and the 
disclosure requirements imposed by the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 of 26th June, 2014.  
The Issuer and the Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme have been rated A- by Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P), A3 by 
Moody’s Investors Services España, S.A. (Moody’s) and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). The Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the Programme have 
been rated BBB+ by S&P, Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB+ by Fitch. Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom (the UK) and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK 
CRA Regulation), each in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating 
agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SOFR or SONIA as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Offering Circular, (i) the administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Markets Institute, is included in the ESMA register (the EU 
Benchmarks Register) of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the EU Benchmarks Regulation) but not the register (the UK 
Benchmarks Register) of administrators established and maintained by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation); and (ii) the administrators of SOFR and SONIA are 
not included in such registers. As far as the Issuer is aware, under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of 
SONIA, the Bank of England and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, are not required to obtain authorisation or registration as of the date of 
this Offering Circular.  
This Offering Circular is issued in replacement of the Offering Circular dated 10th July, 2020 and accordingly supersedes that Offering Circular. This does not affect any 
Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Offering Circular. 
 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank  
Dealers  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse

--- Page 2 ---
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING  
J.P. Morgan  
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
Wells Fargo Securities 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 21st July, 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The CBI only approves this Offering 
Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the 
Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on 
another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) and/or that are to 
be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) 
and trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive.  
This Offering Circular (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) only applies to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
delivered to the CBI and, where listed, Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such 
Tranche.  
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin. This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, and includes any relevant implementing measure in a relevant Member State of the EEA.  
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under the 
applicable laws. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Offering Circular shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular refers does not 
form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering 
Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention.  
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in Japan, the United States, the EEA, the UK, Spain and 
Italy, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Offering 
Circular or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Offering 
Circular. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;  
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors may be subject to law or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
determine for itself, on the basis of professional advice where appropriate, whether and to what extent (i) 
Notes are lawful investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19th July, 2002, all 
companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose securities are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the years 
beginning on or after 1st January, 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards 
adopted by the EU (EU-IFRS).  
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ending 31st December, 2020, 
31st December, 2019 and 31st December, 2018 (the Consolidated Financial Statements), as included in the 
annual report of BBVA on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31st December, 2020 filed with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on 26th February, 2021 (the Form 20-F) are in compliance 
with the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (IFRS-IASB) and in accordance with EU-IFRS applicable as of 31st December, 2020, reflecting the 
Bank of Spain’s Circular 4/2017, of 27th November (as amended) and any other legislation governing 
financial reporting applicable to the Group.  
All references in this document to: 
• 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
• 
U.S. dollars and U.S.$ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Renminbi, RMB and CNY refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the PRC) 
which, for the purposes of this Offering Circular, excludes Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the PRC (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China and Taiwan;  
• 
HK$ refers to the lawful currency of Hong Kong; 
• 
Mexican peso refers to the lawful currency of the United Mexican States; and 
• 
Turkish Lira and TL refer to the lawful currency of the Republic of Turkey. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
The following principles should be noted in reviewing the financial information contained in this Offering 
Circular:  
• 
Unless otherwise stated, any reference to loans refers to both loans and leases.  
• 
All references to any financial information in this Offering Circular are to the consolidated financial 
information of the Group, unless otherwise stated. 
• 
Interest income figures include interest income on non-accruing loans to the extent that cash payments 
have been received in the period in which they are due.  
• 
Financial information with respect to subsidiaries may not reflect consolidation adjustments.  
• 
Certain numerical information in this Offering Circular may not sum due to rounding. In addition, 
information regarding period-to-period changes is based on numbers which have not been rounded. 
SPANISH TAX RULES 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27th July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29th July (as 
so amended, RD 1065/2007), sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments (including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months) 
issued under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26th June, on organisation, supervision and 
solvency of credit entities (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades 
de crédito) (Law 10/2014).  
General 
The procedure described in this Offering Circular for the provision of information required by Spanish law 
and regulation is a summary only. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers assumes any responsibility 
therefor.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
In the case of all Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes), the Notes are not intended to and shall not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. This prohibition shall also apply in 
the case of any Senior Preferred Notes for which a legend to this effect entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” is included in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation EU No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling these 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
In the case of all Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes), the Notes are not intended to and shall not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. This prohibition shall also apply in 
the case of any Senior Preferred Notes for which a legend to this effect entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors” is included in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes, a retail investor means a

--- Page 8 ---
8 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling these Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of such Notes and which channels for distribution 
of such Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency).  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B 
OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF 
SINGAPORE) 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or 
modified, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
all Notes shall be ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs and Institutional 
Accredited Investors (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use solely in connection 
with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the 
United States is not authorised.  
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of 
Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying 
on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes (as defined under “Form of the Notes – Registered Notes”) will 
be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A 
Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended 
Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes”.  
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
18th December, 2015 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be 
delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes 
remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and 
the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.  
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL 
LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of Spain. All or most of the officers and directors of the 
Issuer named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer 
and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for 
investors to effect service of process outside Spain upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments

--- Page 10 ---
10 
against them obtained in courts outside Spain predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or such directors 
and officers under laws other than the laws of Spain, including any judgment predicated upon United States 
federal securities laws.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of the Series (as defined below) of which 
such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
CONTENTS 
Risk Factors ..................................................... 12 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........... 49 
Overview of the Programme ........................... 51 
Form of the Notes ............................................ 56 
Applicable Final Terms ................................... 61 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................. 77 
Use of Proceeds ............................................. 142 
Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. ................................................................ 144 
Regulatory Framework  ................................. 170 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ..................... 178 
Taxation ......................................................... 182 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions .................................................... 187 
General Information....................................... 197

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors expose themselves to the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent, subject to 
early intervention or resolution, or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine 
which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of 
events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due under the 
Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in, or incorporated by 
reference into, this Offering Circular and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in “Regulatory 
Framework”. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS IN 
RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Macroeconomic Risks and COVID-19 Consequences 
The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is adversely affecting the Group 
The COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic has affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the 
world economy and economic activity and conditions in the countries in which the Group operates, despite the 
recent gradual improvement due to increasing rates of vaccination. Among other challenges, these countries 
are still dealing with very high unemployment levels, weak activity, supply disruptions and increasing 
inflationary pressures, while public debt has increased significantly due to support and spending measures 
implemented by government authorities. In addition, there has been an increase in debt defaults by both 
companies and individuals, volatility in the financial markets, exchange rates and values of assets and 
investments, all of which have adversely affected the Group’s results in 2020 and are expected to continue 
affecting the Group’s results in the future. 
Furthermore, the Group has been and may be affected by the measures or recommendations adopted by 
regulatory authorities in the banking sector, including but not limited to, the recent reductions in reference 
interest rates, the relaxation of prudential requirements, the suspension of dividend payments, the adoption of 
moratorium measures for bank customers and guarantees by public entities of certain provisions of credit, 
especially to companies and self-employed individuals, as well as changes in the financial asset purchase 
programmes.  
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group has experienced a decline in its activity. For example, the 
granting of new loans to individuals has significantly decreased since the beginning of the state of emergency 
or periods of confinement decreed in certain countries in which the Group operates. In addition, the Group 
faces various risks, such as an increased risk of volatility in the value of its assets (including financial 
instruments valued at fair value, which may suffer significant fluctuations) and of the securities held for 
liquidity reasons, a possible significant increase in non-performing loans and risk-weighted assets (RWAs) 
and a negative impact on the Group’s cost of financing and on its access to financing (especially in an 
environment where credit ratings are affected). As of 30th March, 2021, less than 8 per cent. of the Group’s 
exposure at default (EAD) is estimated to relate to borrowers in certain industries facing particularly 
challenging conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, specifically leisure, real estate, non-food 
retailers and air and marine transportation.

--- Page 13 ---
RISK FACTORS 
13 
In addition, in several of the countries in which the Group operates, including Spain, the Group closed its 
branches and reduced the opening hours of working with the public, depending on the confinement measures 
imposed in such countries and the teams that provide central services have had to work remotely and continue 
to do so. While these measures were progressively reversed in most regions, additional restrictions on 
mobility could be adopted that affect the Group’s operations. The COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely 
affect the business and operations of third parties that provide critical services to the Group and, in particular, 
the greater demand and/or reduced availability of certain resources could in some cases make it more difficult 
for the Group to maintain the required service levels. Furthermore, the increase in remote working has 
increased the risks related to cybersecurity, as the use of non-corporate networks has increased. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on the Group’s results for the year ended 31st December, 
2020 as well as on the Group’s capital base as of 31st December, 2020. For information on the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects―Operating 
Results―Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations and Financial Condition―The 
COVID-19 Pandemic” of the Form 20-F. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also exacerbated, and is likely to continue to exacerbate, other risks disclosed in 
this section, including but not limited to risks associated with the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and 
counterparties or collateral, any withdrawal of European Central Bank's (ECB) funding (of which the Group 
has made and continues to make significant use), the Group’s exposure to sovereign debt and rating 
downgrades, the Group’s ability to comply with its regulatory requirements, including MREL (as defined 
herein) and other capital requirements, and the deterioration of economic conditions or changes in the 
institutional environment. 
The final magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations, which is expected to be significant, will depend on future and uncertain events, 
including the intensity and persistence over time of the consequences arising from the COVID-19 pandemic in 
the different geographies in which the Group operates. 
A deterioration in economic conditions or the institutional environment in the countries where the Group 
operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions or the alteration of the institutional 
environment of the countries in which it operates, and especially of Spain, Mexico and Turkey, which 
respectively represented 54.9 per cent., 15.3 per cent and 8.2 per cent. of the Group's assets as of 31st March, 
2021 (55.1 per cent., 15 per cent and 8.1 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020, respectively). Additionally, the 
Group is exposed to sovereign debt, particularly sovereign debt related to these geographies. “Item 5. 
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Operating Results—Operating Environment” of the Form 
20-F summarises some of the challenges that these countries are currently facing and that, therefore, could 
significantly affect the Group.  
Currently, the world economy is facing several exceptional challenges. In particular, the crisis derived from 
the COVID-19 pandemic has abruptly and significantly deteriorated the economic conditions of the countries 
in which the Group operates, leading many of them to an economic recession in 2020. Furthermore, this crisis 
could lead to a deglobalisation of the world economy, produce an increase in protectionism or barriers to 
immigration, fuel the trade war between the United States and China and result in a general withdrawal of 
international trade in goods and services, as well as having other effects of long duration that transcend the 
pandemic itself. Added to this is the uncertainty regarding the UK’s exit from the EU (Brexit). The long-term 
effects of Brexit will depend on the relationship between the UK and the EU following its exit from the 
European Single Market, which took place on 31st December, 2020 and the implementation of the trade 
agreement ratified by the European Parliament on 28th April, 2021. Furthermore, in a scenario as uncertain as 
the current one, emerging economies (to which the Group is significantly exposed, particularly in the case of 
Mexico and Turkey) could be particularly vulnerable to a trade war or if there were changes in the financial 
risk appetite. Likewise, the possible triggering of a disorderly deleveraging process in China would pose a 
significant risk to these economies.

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
14 
Thus, the Group faces, among others, the following general risks to the economic and institutional 
environment in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates, 
which could lead to further economic recession in some or all of those countries; more intense deflationary 
pressures or even deflation; variations in exchange rates; a very low interest rate environment, or even a long 
period of negative interest rates in some regions where the Group operates; an unfavourable evolution of the 
real estate market, to which the Group remains significantly exposed; very low oil prices; changes in the 
institutional environment in the countries in which the Group operates that could lead to sudden and sharp 
falls in GDP and/or regulatory changes; a growing public deficit that could lead to downgrades in sovereign 
debt credit ratings and even a possible default or restructuring of such debt; and episodes of volatility in 
markets, such as those currently being experienced, which could lead the Group to register significant losses. 
Business Risks 
The Group’s businesses are subject to inherent risks concerning borrower and counterparty credit quality, 
which have affected and are expected to continue to affect the recoverability and value of assets on the 
Group’s balance sheet 
The total maximum credit risk exposure of the Group as of 31st March, 2021 was €754,123 million (€749,524 
million, €809,786 million and €763,082 million as of 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively). The 
Group has exposures to many different products, counterparties and obligors and the credit quality of its 
exposures can have a significant effect on the Group’s earnings. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the 
Group’s borrowers and counterparties or collateral, or in their behaviour or businesses, may reduce the value 
of the Group’s assets, and materially increase the Group’s write-downs and loss allowances. Credit risk can be 
affected by a range of factors, including an adverse economic environment, reduced consumer, corporate or 
government spending, changes in the rating of individual contractual counterparties, their debt levels and the 
environment in which they operate, increased unemployment, reduced asset values, increased retail or 
corporate insolvency levels, reduced corporate profits, changes (and the timing, quantum and pace of these 
changes) in interest rates, counterparty challenges to the interpretation or validity of contractual arrangements 
or provisions and legal and regulatory developments. 
Non-performing or impaired customer loans have been adversely affecting, and are expected to continue to 
adversely affect, the Group's results given the increasing economic uncertainty. As of 31st March, 2021 and 
31st December, 2020, the Group had a 4.3 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. non-performing loan (NPL) ratio (as 
defined in “Alternative Performance Measures” of the Management Report 2020) compared to 3.8 per cent. 
and 3.9 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, NPL 
ratios progressively improved due in part to the low interest rates, which improved clients' ability to pay. 
However, NPLs are expected to significantly increase once payment moratorium measures adopted by 
governments due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are lifted. 
In addition, it is possible that the current scenario of economic deterioration results in a decrease in the prices 
of real estate assets in Spain and other countries (in particular, Mexico and Turkey, given the Group’s 
exposure to these markets).  
As of 31st December, 2020, the Group's exposure to the construction and real estate sectors (excluding the 
mortgage portfolio) in Spain was equivalent to €10,024 million, of which €2,565 million corresponded to 
loans for construction and development activities in Spain (representing 1.6 per cent. of the Group's loans and 
advances to customers in Spain (excluding the public sector) and 0.3 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
assets). The Group continues to be exposed to the real estate market, mainly in Spain, due to the fact that 
many of its loans are secured by real estate assets, due to the significant volume of real estate assets that it 
maintains on its balance sheet, and due to its shareholding in real estate companies such as Metrovacesa, S.A. 
and Divarian Propiedad, S.A (Divarian). The total real estate exposure (excluding the mortgage portfolio), 
including developer credit, foreclosed assets and other assets, reflected a coverage ratio of 53 per cent. in 
Spain as of 31st December, 2020. A fall in the prices of real estate assets in Spain (or in other countries where 
the Group has significant real estate exposure such as Mexico) would reduce the value of the shareholdings 
referred to above, as well as the value of any real estate securing loans granted by the Group and, therefore, in 
the event of default, the amount of the “expected losses” related to such loans would increase. In addition, it

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
15 
could also have a significant adverse effect on the default rates of the Group's residential mortgage portfolio, 
the balance of which, as of 31st March, 2021, was €91,438 million at a global level (as of 31st December, 
2020, 2019 and 2018, €91,457 million, €96,377 million and €97,572 million, respectively). 
The magnitude, timing and pace of any increase in default rates will be key for the Group. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group has incorrectly assessed the creditworthiness or willingness to pay of its borrowers 
and counterparties, that it has underestimated the credit risks and potential losses inherent in its credit 
exposure and that it has made insufficient provisions for such risks in a timely manner. These processes, 
which have a crucial impact on the Group's results and financial condition, require difficult, subjective and 
complex calculations, including forecasts of the impact that macroeconomic conditions could have on these 
borrowers and counterparties. In particular, the processes followed by the Group to estimate losses derived 
from its exposure to credit risk may prove to be inadequate or insufficient in the current environment of high 
economic uncertainty, which could affect the adequacy of the provisions for insolvencies provided by the 
Group. An increase in non-performing or low-quality loans could significantly and adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s business is particularly vulnerable to interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations are substantially dependent upon the level of its net interest income, which 
is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. As of 31st March, 2021 and 31st December, 2020, the interest margin with respect to the gross 
margin was 67 per cent. and 72 per cent., respectively. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors 
beyond the Group’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, 
regulation of the financial sector in the markets in which it operates, domestic and international economic and 
political conditions and other factors. In this sense, the COVID-19 pandemic has triggered a process of cuts in 
reference interest rates, which, moreover, will likely take time to be raised and, if raised, interest rates will 
likely increase at a slower rate than previously foreseen. It is possible that changes in market interest rates, 
which could be negative in some cases, and the ongoing benchmark reforms, affect the Group’s interest-
earning assets differently from the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities. This, in turn, may lead to a reduction in 
the Group's net interest margin, which could have a significant adverse effect on its results. Moreover, the 
ongoing benchmark reforms expose the Group to other significant risks, including legal and operational risks. 
Furthermore, if interest rates were to increase in some or all of the Group’s markets, this could reduce the 
demand for credit and the Group’s ability to generate credit for its clients, as well as contribute to an increase 
in the default rate. As a result of the above, the evolution of interest rates could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the continued existence of certain reference rates and the 
transition to alternative reference rates  
In recent years, international regulators have been driving a transition from the use of interbank offer rates 
(IBORs), including the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) 
and the euro overnight index average (EONIA), to alternative risk free rates (RFRs). This has resulted in 
regulatory reform and changes to existing IBORs, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and 
changes may cause an IBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. For 
example, in 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021, and EONIA modified its methodology on 2nd 
October, 2019 and will likely be discontinued as from January 2022. In November 2019, the determination 
methodology for EURIBOR was changed to a new hybrid methodology using transaction-based data and 
other sources of data. See further “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes - The regulation 
and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"”. 
Uncertainty as to the nature and extent of such reforms and changes, and how they might affect financial 
instruments, may adversely affect the valuation or trading of a broad array of financial instruments that use 
IBORs, including any EURIBOR, EONIA or LIBOR-based securities, loans, deposits and derivatives that are

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
16 
issued by the Group or otherwise included in the Group’s financial assets and liabilities. Such uncertainty may 
also affect the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings. The Group is particularly exposed 
to EURIBOR-based financial instruments. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or full effect of the transition to RFRs. As a result of such transition, the 
Group will be required to adapt or amend documentation for new and the majority of existing financial 
instruments, and may be subject to disputes (including with customers of the Group) related thereto, either of 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. The implementation of any 
alternative RFRs may be impossible or impracticable under the existing terms of certain financial instruments. 
Such transition could also result in pricing risks arising from how changes to reference rates could impact 
pricing mechanisms in some instruments, and could have an adverse effect on the value of, return on and 
trading market for such financial instruments and on the Group’s profitability. In addition, the transition to 
RFRs will require important operational changes to the Group’s systems and infrastructure as all systems will 
need to account for the changes in the reference rates. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group faces increasing competition 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and it is expected that this trend will continue 
in the coming years with the increasing entry of non-bank competitors (some of which have large client 
portfolios and strong brand recognition) and the emergence of new business models, as indicated by the report 
of the Financial Stability Board (the FSB) on FinTech and market structure in financial services. Although the 
Group is making efforts to anticipate these changes, betting on its digital transformation, its competitive 
position is affected by the regulatory asymmetry that benefits non-bank operators. For example, banking 
groups are subject to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including those 
in which they compete with non-bank operators that are only subject to regulations specific to the activity they 
develop or that benefit from loopholes in the regulatory framework. Furthermore, when banking groups carry 
out financial activities through the use of new technologies, they are generally subject to additional internal 
governance rules that place such groups at a competitive disadvantage.  
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and payment systems, 
could require substantial investment to modify or adapt existing products and services as the Group continues 
to increase its mobile and internet banking capabilities. Likewise, the increasing use of these new technologies 
and mobile banking platforms could have an adverse impact on the Group's investments in facilities, 
equipment and employees of the branch network. A faster pace of transformation towards mobile and online 
banking models could require changes in the Group's commercial banking strategy, including the closure or 
sale of some branches and the restructuring of others, and reductions in employees. These changes could 
result in significant expenses as the Group reconfigures and transforms its commercial network. Failure to 
effectively implement such changes efficiently and on a timely basis could have a material adverse impact on 
the Group's competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
As announced by BBVA on 8th June, 2021, BBVA reached an agreement with union representatives on the 
collective layoff process for BBVA in Spain initiated on 13th April, 2021 that will affect 2,935 employees. 
The agreement also includes the closing of 480 branches. The cost of the process is estimated at €960 million 
before taxes, of which €720 million relates to the total layoff costs and €240 million to the branch closing 
costs. 
The Group faces risks related to its acquisitions and divestitures 
The Group has both acquired and sold various companies and businesses over the past few years. On 1st June, 
2021, the Group announced the closing of the sale of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. (BBVA USA 
Bancshares) and certain other Group companies in the US. Other recent transactions include the sale of 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Paraguay, S.A. (BBVA Paraguay), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
17 
Chile, S.A. (BBVA Chile) and the transfer of real estate business and sale of a stake in Divarian to 
Promontoria (as defined herein), a company managed by Cerberus (as defined herein). For additional 
information, see “Item 4. Information on the Company—History and Development of the Company—Capital 
Divestitures” of the Form 20-F. 
The Group may not complete any ongoing or future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis 
or at all and, if completed, they may not obtain the expected results. In addition, if completed, the Group’s 
results of operations could be adversely affected by divestiture or acquisition-related charges and 
contingencies. The Group may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, divestitures or 
acquisitions, including claims from terminated employees, customers or third parties. In the case of an 
acquisition, the Group may be liable for potential or existing litigation and claims related to an acquired 
business, including because either the Group is not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is 
insufficient. Further, in the case of a divestiture, the Group may be required to indemnify the buyer in respect 
of similar or other matters, including claims against the divested entity or business. 
In the case of an acquisition, even though the Group reviews the companies it plans to acquire, it is often not 
possible for these reviews to be complete in all respects and there may be risks associated with unforeseen 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses that may not have been revealed or properly 
assessed during the due diligence processes, resulting in the Group assuming unforeseen liabilities or an 
acquisition not performing as expected. In addition, acquisitions are inherently risky because of the difficulties 
that may arise in integrating people, operations and technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the 
businesses the Group acquires can be successfully integrated or that they will perform well once integrated. 
Acquisitions may also lead to potential write-downs that adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. 
Any of the foregoing may cause the Group to incur significant unexpected expenses, may divert significant 
resources and management attention from the Group’s other business concerns, or may otherwise have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its significant presence 
in emerging countries 
The Group is made up of commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies in 
various countries and its performance as a global business depends on its ability to manage its different 
businesses under various economic, social and political conditions, facing different normative and regulatory 
requirements in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates (including, among others, different supervisory 
regimes and different tax and legal regimes related to the repatriation of funds or the nationalisation or 
expropriation of assets).  
In addition, the Group's international operations may expose it to risks and challenges to which its local 
competitors may not be exposed, such as currency risk, the difficulty in managing or supervising a local entity 
from abroad, political risks (which could affect only foreign investors) or limitations on the distribution of 
dividends, thus worsening its position compared to that of local competitors. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies in all of the countries in which it operates, some of which have experienced significant economic, 
political and social volatility in recent decades. In particular, the Group has significant operations in several 
emerging countries, such as Mexico and Turkey, and is therefore vulnerable to the deterioration of these 
economies. Emerging markets are generally affected by the conditions of other commercially or financially 
related markets and by the evolution of global financial markets in general (they may be affected, for example, 
by the evolution of interest rates in the United States and the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar), as well as, in 
some cases, by fluctuations in the prices of commodities. The perception that the risks associated with 
investing in emerging economies have increased, in general, or in emerging markets where the Group 
operates, in particular, could reduce capital flows to those economies and adversely affect such economies, 
and therefore the Group. Moreover, emerging countries are more prone to experience significant changes in 
inflation and foreign exchange rates, which may have a material impact on the Group’s results of operations, 
assets (including RWAs) and liabilities.

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
18 
The Group's operations in emerging countries are also exposed to heightened political risks, such as changes 
in governmental policies, expropriation, nationalisation, interest rate limits, exchange controls, government 
restrictions on dividends and adverse tax policies. For example, the repatriation of dividends from BBVA’s 
Venezuelan and Argentinean subsidiaries is subject to certain restrictions and there is no assurance that further 
restrictions will not be imposed.   
If the Group failed to adopt effective and timely policies and strategies in response to the risks and challenges 
it faces in each of the regions where it operates, particularly in emerging countries, the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
Since the Group’s loan portfolio is highly concentrated in Spain, adverse changes affecting the Spanish 
economy could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition 
The Group has historically carried out its lending activity mainly in Spain, which continues to be one of its 
primary business areas, such that as of 31st December, 2020, total risk in financial assets in Spain (calculated 
as set forth in item (c) of Appendix IX (Additional information on risk concentration) of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements) amounted to €236,016 million, equivalent to 42 per cent. of the Group’s total risk in 
financial assets. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the Spanish economy and the 
sovereign fiscal position. Spanish GDP is estimated to have contracted around 11 per cent. in 2020, as the 
pandemic and the measures adopted to slow its spread brought about a sharp reduction in economic activity in 
the first half of the year, which was among the most severe within the Eurozone. The sharp decline in 
economic activity and measures adopted to support the economy have given rise to concerns about public debt 
sustainability in the medium and long term. In addition, while increases in unemployment have been limited 
by the implementation of short-time work schemes, as these measures are withdrawn in 2021, unemployment 
is expected to rise. Further, while economic recovery is expected to be boosted by the implementation of EU-
level initiatives, in particular the financial support linked to the Next Generation EU plan, there are risks as to 
the capacity of the Spanish economy to absorb the EU funds and translate the support to productive 
investment. In addition, the Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone, 
the main export market for Spanish goods and services. The Group’s gross exposure of loans and advances to 
customers in Spain totalled €195,983 million as of 31st December, 2020, representing 61 per cent. of the total 
amount of loans and advances to customers included on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet. The Group’s 
Spanish business includes extensive operations in Catalonia, which represented 16 per cent. of the Group’s 
assets in Spain as of 31st December, 2020 (18 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019). While social and political 
tensions have generally declined since 2017, if such tensions were to increase, this could lead to scenarios of 
uncertainty, volatility in capital markets and a deterioration of economic and financing conditions in Spain. 
Given the relevance of the Group’s loan portfolio in Spain, any adverse change affecting economic conditions 
in Spain could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Financial Risks 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits or 
other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
Traditionally, one of the Group's main sources of financing has been savings accounts and demand deposits. 
As of 31st March, 2021, the balance of customer deposits represented 70 per cent. of the Group's total 
financial liabilities at amortised cost. However, the volume of wholesale and retail deposits can fluctuate 
significantly, including as a result of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general economic conditions, 
changes in economic policy or administrative decisions that diminish their attractiveness as savings 
instruments (for example, as a consequence of changes in taxation, coverage by guarantee funds for deposits 
or expropriations) or competition from other savings or investment instruments (including deposits from other 
banks). 
Likewise, changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group’s short 
and long-term wholesale financing. Changes in credit spreads are driven by market factors and are also

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
19 
influenced by the market’s perception of the Group's solvency. As of 31st March, 2021, debt securities issued 
by the Group represented 12.1 per cent. of the total financial liabilities at amortised cost of the Group. 
In addition, the Group has made and continues to make significant use of public sources of liquidity, such as 
the ECB extraordinary measures taken in response to the financial crisis since 2008 or those taken in 
connection with the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ECB announced in December 2020 the 
new conditions of its Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations III programme, increasing the maximum 
amount that BBVA may receive from €35,000 million to €38,500 million and extending the enhanced 
conditions in terms of cost by one additional year until June 2022. As of 31st March, 2021, €38,392 million 
had been borrowed by BBVA (€35,032 million was drawn down as of 31st December, 2020, €21,000 million 
as of June 2020 and €7,000 million as of each of March 2020 and December 2019). However, the conditions 
of this or other programmes could be revised or these programmes could be cancelled. 
In the event of a withdrawal of deposits or other sources of liquidity, especially if it is sudden or unexpected, 
the Group may not be able to finance its financial obligations or meet the minimum liquidity requirements that 
apply to it, and may be forced to incur higher financial costs, liquidate assets and take additional measures to 
reduce leverage. Furthermore, the Issuer could be subject to the adoption of early intervention measures or, 
ultimately, to the adoption of a resolution measure by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority (see 
“Regulatory Framework – Resolution”). Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group and some of its subsidiaries depend on their credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings 
Rating agencies periodically review the Group's debt credit ratings. Any reduction, effective or anticipated, in 
any such ratings of the Group, whether below investment grade or otherwise, could limit or impair the Group's 
access to capital markets and other possible sources of liquidity and increase the Group’s financing cost, and 
entail the breach or early termination of certain contracts or give rise to additional obligations under those 
contracts, such as the need to grant additional guarantees. The Group estimates that, if at 31st December, 
2020, rating agencies had downgraded the Issuer’s long-term senior debt rating by one notch, it would have 
had to provide additional guarantees/collateral amounting to €36.3 million under its derivative and other 
financial contracts. A hypothetical two-notch downgrade would have involved an outlay of €66.8 million in 
additional guarantees/collateral. Furthermore, if the Group were required to cancel its derivative contracts 
with some of its counterparties and were unable to replace them, its market risk would worsen. Likewise, a 
reduction in the credit rating could affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its products or to 
participate in certain transactions, and could lead to the loss of customer deposits and make third parties less 
willing to carry out commercial transactions with the Group (especially those that require a minimum credit 
rating), having a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's credit ratings could be affected by variations in sovereign credit ratings, particularly 
the rating of Spanish sovereign debt. The Group holds a significant portfolio of debt issued by the Kingdom of 
Spain, by the Spanish autonomous communities and by other Spanish issuers. As of 31st March, 2021 and 
31st December, 2020, the Group's exposure to the Kingdom of Spain's public debt portfolio was €49,575 
million and €46,401 million, respectively, representing 7 per cent. and 6 per cent. of the consolidated total 
assets of the Group, respectively. Any decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain could adversely 
affect the valuation of the respective debt portfolios held by the Group and lead to a reduction in the Group's 
credit ratings. Additionally, counterparties to many of the credit agreements signed with the Group could also 
be affected by a decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain, which could limit their ability to attract 
additional resources or otherwise affect their ability to pay their outstanding obligations to the Group. 
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, some rating agencies have reviewed the Group's credit ratings 
or trends. Specifically, on 22nd June, 2020 Fitch announced the modification of BBVA’s senior preferred debt 
long term to A- with stable outlook from A with Rating Watch Negative. On 1st April, 2020, DBRS 
confirmed BBVA’s long-term rating of A (High) and maintained the outlook as stable. On 24th June, 2021 
S&P confirmed BBVA's long-term rating of A- and changed its outlook from negative to stable. There may be 
more ratings actions and changes in BBVA’s credit ratings in the future as a result of the crisis caused by the

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
20 
COVID-19 pandemic, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's ability to pay dividends depends, in part, on the receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries 
Some of the Group’s operations are conducted through the Issuer’s subsidiaries. As a result, the Issuer’s 
results (and its ability to pay dividends) depend in part on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate earnings 
and to pay dividends to Issuer. Due, in part, to the Group's decision to follow a 'Multiple Point of Entry' 
strategy, in accordance with the framework for the resolution of financial entities designed by the FSB, the 
Group’s subsidiaries are self-sufficient and each subsidiary is responsible for managing its own capital and 
liquidity. This means that the payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to 
the Issuer depends not only on the results of those subsidiaries, but also on the context of their operations and 
liquidity needs, and may be further limited by legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. For example, in 
response to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, certain restrictions were adopted that affect the 
distribution and/or repatriation of dividends from some of the Group’s subsidiaries. There is no assurance that 
these restrictions will not remain in effect or, where lifted, reinstated, or that similar or new restrictions will 
not be imposed in the future. Furthermore, the Group’s right, as a shareholder, to participate in the distribution 
of assets resulting from the eventual liquidation or any reorganisation of its subsidiaries will be effectively 
subordinated to the rights of the creditors of those subsidiaries, including their commercial creditors. 
In addition, the Group (including the Issuer) must comply with certain capital requirements, where non-
compliance could lead to the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on making any: (i) distributions relating 
to common equity tier (CET1) capital; (ii) payments related to variable remuneration or discretionary pension 
benefits; and (iii) distributions linked to additional tier 1 (AT1) instruments (collectively, discretionary 
payments). Likewise, the ability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries to pay dividends is conditioned by the 
recommendations and requirements of their respective supervisors, such as those made in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In this regard, on 30th April, 2020, the Issuer announced that it had agreed to modify, 
for the financial year 2020, the Group's shareholder remuneration policy, opting not to pay any amount as a 
dividend corresponding to the financial year 2020 until the uncertainties generated by the COVID-19 
pandemic dissipate and, in any case, not before the close of the 2020 fiscal year. While, on 29th January, 
2021, in line with the latest recommendation of the ECB, the Issuer announced its intention to distribute 0.059 
euros per share in respect of 2020 profit and to reinstate during 2021 its dividend policy announced in 2017 
once any recommendation is withdrawn and there are no additional restrictions or limitations, no assurance 
can be given that further supervisory restrictions or recommendations will not restrict the Group’s or the 
Group’s subsidiaries’ ability to distribute dividends in the future (see “Item 8. Financial Information—
Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Dividends” of the Form 20-F for further details).  
Any dividends of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be subject to further regulatory restrictions or 
recommendations, or current restrictions or recommendations could be in place for a longer or indefinite 
period. 
The Group’s earnings and financial condition have been, and its future earnings and financial condition 
may continue to be, materially affected by asset impairment 
Regulatory, business, economic or political changes and other factors could lead to asset impairment. In recent 
years, severe market events such as the past sovereign debt crisis, rising risk premiums and falls in share 
market prices, have resulted in the Group recording large write-downs on its credit market exposures. Doubts 
regarding the asset quality of European banks has also affected their evolution in the market in recent years. 
Several ongoing factors could depress the valuation of the Group’s assets or otherwise lead to the impairment 
of such assets (including goodwill and deferred tax assets). This includes the COVID-19 crisis, Brexit, the 
surge of populist trends in several European countries, increased trade tensions and potential changes in U.S. 
economic policies implemented by the new U.S. administration, any of which could increase global financial 
volatility and lead to the reallocation of assets. In addition, uncertainty about China’s growth expectations and 
its policymaking capability to address certain severe challenges has contributed to the deterioration of the 
valuation of global assets and further increased volatility in the global financial markets.

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
21 
In particular, the final impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the valuation of the Group’s assets is still unknown. 
Since the outbreak of the crisis in the first quarter of 2020, public support measures have been introduced in 
the countries where the Group operates, most of which have been in the form of public guarantees on new 
loans to corporates and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), payment moratorium measures and 
payment holidays on certain household loans. Once these measures come to an end, it is possible that the 
Group will need to record significant loan-loss provisions as a result of the deterioration in the credit quality 
of the Group’s clients, especially SMEs. Any such provisions could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
Legal Risks 
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings  
The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigation pressure. The Group is party 
to government procedures and investigations, such as those carried out by the antitrust authorities which, 
among other things, have in the past and could in the future result in sanctions, as well as lead to claims by 
customers and others. The various Group entities are also frequently party to individual or collective judicial 
proceedings (including class actions) resulting from their activity and operations, as well as arbitration 
proceedings. More generally, in recent years, regulators have increased their supervisory focus on consumer 
protection and corporate behaviour, which has resulted in a larger number of regulatory actions. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
against financial institutions, prompted in part by certain recent national and supranational rulings in favor of 
consumers (with regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in 
recent years and this trend could continue in the future. The legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
faced by other financial institutions in relation to these and other matters, especially if such actions or 
proceedings result in favourable resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the Group. 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs and/or a reduction in 
revenues, and it is possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the 
penalties imposed or the resulting procedural or management costs for the Group) could materially and 
adversely affect the Group, including by damaging its reputation. 
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the 
Group is currently exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating 
to former Group subsidiaries or in respect of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of 
such outcomes could be significantly adverse to the Group. In addition, a decision in any matter, whether 
against the Group or against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by the Group, could give 
rise to other claims against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings draw resources away from 
the Group and may require significant attention on the part of the Group's management and employees. 
As of 31st March, 2021, the Group had €625 million in provisions for the proceedings it is facing (which are 
included in the line item "Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies" in the consolidated balance 
sheet), of which €584 million corresponded to legal contingencies and €41 million corresponded to tax related 
contingencies. However, the uncertainty arising from these proceedings (including those for which no 
provisions have been made, either because it is not possible to estimate any such provisions or for other 
reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible losses arising from such proceedings will not 
exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently has provisioned and, therefore, could affect 
the Group's consolidated results in a given period. 
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to 
which it may become subject in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or 
in the aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely to the Group´s interests, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.”

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
22 
The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, 
revelation of secrets and corruption by BBVA 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, 
S.L. (Cenyt). Such investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On 29th July, 2019, 
BBVA was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary 
Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for 
alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. On 3rd February, 2020, 
BBVA was notified by the Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court of the order lifting 
the secrecy of the proceedings. Certain current and former officers and employees of the Group, as well as 
former directors, have also been named as investigated parties in connection with this investigation. BBVA 
has been and continues to be proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing 
with the courts information obtained in the internal investigation hired by the Issuer in 2019 to contribute to 
the clarification of the facts. As at the date of this Offering Circular, no formal accusation against BBVA has 
been made. 
This criminal judicial proceeding is in the pre-trial phase. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to predict 
the scope or duration of such proceeding or any related proceeding or its or their possible outcomes or 
implications for the Group, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby. 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The financial services sector is one of the most regulated in the world. The Group is subject to a broad 
regulatory and supervisory framework, which has increased significantly in the last decade. Regulatory 
activity in recent years has affected multiple areas, including changes in accounting standards; strict regulation 
of capital, liquidity and remuneration; bank charges and taxes on financial transactions; regulations affecting 
mortgages, banking products and consumers and users; recovery and resolution measures; stress tests; 
prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing; market abuse; conduct in the financial markets; anti-
corruption; and requirements as to the periodic publication of information. Governments, regulatory 
authorities and other institutions continually make proposals to strengthen the resistance of financial 
institutions to future crises. 
Furthermore, the international nature of the Group’s operations means that the Group is subject to a wide and 
complex range of local and international regulations in these matters, sometimes with overlapping scopes and 
areas regulated. This complexity, which can be exacerbated by differences and changes in the interpretation or 
application of these standards by local authorities, makes compliance risk management difficult, requiring 
highly sophisticated monitoring, qualified personnel and general training of employees. 
Any change in the Group's business that is necessary to comply with any particular regulations at any time, 
especially in Spain, Mexico or Turkey, could lead to a considerable loss of income, limit the Group's ability to 
identify business opportunities, affect the valuation of its assets, force the Group to increase its prices and, 
therefore, reduce the demand for its products, impose additional costs on the Group or otherwise adversely 
affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to a broad regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution regulations, 
which could have a significant adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework the complexity and scope of 
which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis and which could further increase as a 
result of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the banking sector is subject to 
continuous scrutiny at the political and supervisory levels, and it is foreseeable that in the future there will 
continue to be political involvement in regulatory and supervisory processes, as well as in the governance of 
the main financial entities. For this reason, the laws, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject, as 
well as their interpretation and application, may change at any time. In addition, supervisors and regulators 
have significant discretion in carrying out their duties, which gives rise to uncertainty regarding the 
interpretation and implementation of the regulatory framework. Moreover, regulatory fragmentation and the

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
23 
implementation by some countries of more flexible or stricter rules or regulations could also adversely affect 
the Group's ability to compete with financial institutions that may or may not have to comply with any such 
rules or regulations, as applicable. 
Regulatory changes, adopted or proposed, as well as their interpretation or application, have increased and 
may continue to substantially increase the Group's operating expenses and adversely affect its business model. 
For example, the imposition of prudential capital standards has limited and could further limit the ability of 
subsidiaries to distribute capital to the Group, while liquidity standards may require the Group to hold a higher 
proportion of financial instruments with higher liquidity and lower performance, which can adversely affect 
its net interest margin. In addition, the Group's regulatory and supervisory authorities may require the Group 
to increase its loan loss allowances or asset impairments, which could have an adverse effect on its financial 
condition. It is also possible that governments and regulators impose additional ad hoc regulations or 
requirements in response to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the imposition of 
requirements on credit institutions to provide financing to various entities such as, for example, the Fund for 
Orderly Bank Restructuring (Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria) (the FROB) or the Single 
Resolution Board (SRB). 
Any legislative or regulatory measure and any necessary change in the Group's business operations, as a 
consequence of such measures, as well as any failure to comply with them, could result in a significant loss of 
income, represent a limitation on the ability of the Group to take advantage of business opportunities and offer 
certain products and services, affect the value of the Group's assets, force the Group to increase prices (which 
could reduce the demand for its products), impose additional compliance costs or result in other possible 
negative effects for the Group. 
One of the most significant regulatory changes resulting from the prior financial crisis was the introduction of 
resolution regulations (which are described in “Regulatory Framework – Resolution”). In the event that the 
Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that the Group is in a situation where conditions for early 
intervention or resolution are met, it may adopt the measures provided for in the applicable regulations, 
including without prior notice. Likewise, the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority may apply Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption in the event that it determines that the entity meets the conditions for its resolution or that it 
will become non-viable unless such mechanism is applied. Any such determination, or the mere possibility 
that such determination could be made, could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, as well as the market price and behaviour of certain securities issued by 
the Group (or their terms, in the event of an exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers). 
Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
As described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements”, in its capacity as a Spanish 
credit institution, the Group is subject to compliance with a “Pillar 1” solvency requirement, a “Pillar 2” 
solvency requirement and a “combined buffer requirement” at both the individual and consolidated levels. As 
a result of the latest Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB, and in 
accordance with the measures implemented by the ECB on 12th March, 2020, by means of which banks may 
partially use AT1 and Tier 2 capital instruments in order to fulfil the “Pillar 2” requirement, BBVA must 
maintain, at a consolidated level, a CET1 ratio of 8.59 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 12.75 per cent. In 
addition, BBVA must maintain, on an individual level, a CET1 ratio of 7.84 per cent. and a total capital ratio 
of 12.01 per cent. As of 31st March, 2021, the Group’s phased-in total capital ratio was 16.16 per cent. on a 
consolidated basis and 20.04 per cent. on an individual basis, and its CET1 phased-in capital ratio was 12.2 
per cent. on a consolidated basis and 15.1 per cent. on an individual basis.  
Additionally, as described in “Regulatory Framework – MREL”, the Issuer, as a Spanish credit institution, 
must maintain a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL requirement). On 31st May, 
2021, BBVA announced that it had received a communication from the Bank of Spain of its new MREL 
requirement, as determined by the SRB, replacing the previous MREL requirement communicated in 
November 2019. In accordance with this new communication, BBVA should maintain, as of 1st January, 
2022, a volume of own funds and eligible subordinated liabilities corresponding to 24.78 per cent. of the total

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24 
RWAs of its resolution group at the subconsolidated level (the MREL in RWAs). The resolution group 
consists of BBVA and its subsidiaries belonging to the same European resolution group. As of 31st 
December, 2019, the total RWAs of the resolution group amounted to €204,218 million. Likewise, of this 
MREL in RWAs, 13.5 per cent. of the total RWAs will have to be fulfilled with subordinated instruments (the 
RWAs subordination requirement). As of 31st March, 2021, the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
resolution group corresponds to 29.23 per cent. of its RWAs, and the subordinated own funds and eligible 
liabilities corresponds to 25.95 per cent. Nevertheless, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination 
requirement do not include the combined capital buffer requirement which, for these purposes, would be 2.5 
per cent. as at the date of this Offering Circular, notwithstanding any other buffer that may be applicable from 
time to time. 
Moreover, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement are equivalent, in terms of total 
exposure for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio, to 10.25 per cent. and 5.84 per cent., respectively. 
As of 31st December, 2019, the total exposure for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio amounted to 
€422,376 million. As of 31st March, 2021, the resolution group has own funds and eligible liabilities of 13.4 
per cent. and subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities of 11.89 per cent., both in terms of total exposure 
taken into account for the calculation of the leverage ratio. 
However, both the total capital and the MREL requirements are subject to interpretation and change and, 
therefore, no assurance can be given that the Group’s interpretation is the appropriate one or that the Issuer 
and/or the Group will not be subject to more stringent requirements at any future time. Likewise, no assurance 
can be given that the Issuer and/or the Group will be able to fulfil whatever future requirements may be 
imposed, even if such requirements were to be equal or lower. There can also be no assurances as to the 
ability of the Issuer and/or the Group to comply with any capital target is announced to the market at any 
given time, which could be adversely perceived by investors and/or supervisors, who could interpret that a 
lack of capital-generating capacity exists or that the capital structure has deteriorated, either of which could 
adversely affect the market value or behaviour of securities issued by the Issuer and/or the Group (and, in 
particular, any Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and any of its other capital 
instruments) and, therefore, lead to the implementation of new recommendations or requirements regarding 
“Pillar 2” or (should the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority interpret that obstacles may exist for the 
viability of the resolution of the Issuer and /or the Group), MREL.  
If the Issuer or the Group failed to comply with its “combined buffer requirement” they would have to 
calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) and, until such calculation has been undertaken and 
reported to the Bank of Spain, the affected entity would not be able to make any discretionary payments. Once 
the MDA has been calculated and reported, such discretionary payments would be limited to the calculated 
MDA. Likewise, should the Issuer or the Group not meet the applicable capital requirements, additional 
requirements of “Pillar 2” or, if applicable, MREL could be imposed. Likewise, in accordance with the EU 
Banking Reforms, any failure by BBVA or the Group to comply with its respective “combined buffer 
requirement” when considered in addition to its MREL could result in the imposition of restrictions or 
prohibitions on discretionary payments. Additionally, failure to comply with the capital requirements may 
result in the implementation of early intervention measures or, ultimately, resolution measures by the 
resolution authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20th May, 2019 (as amended, 
replaced or supplemented at any time, CRR II) establishes a binding requirement for the leverage ratio 
effective from 28th June, 2021 of 3 per cent. of tier 1 capital (as of 31st March, 2021, the phased-in leverage 
ratio of the Group was 6.6 per cent. and fully loaded it was 6.5 per cent.). Moreover, the EU Banking Reforms 
include a leverage ratio buffer for financial institutions of global systemic importance (G-SIBs) to be met with 
Tier 1 capital. Any failure to comply with this leverage ratio buffer may also result in the need to calculate and 
report the MDA, and restrictions on discretionary payments. Moreover, CRR II proposes new requirements 
that capital instruments must meet in order to be considered AT1 or Tier 2 instruments, including certain 
grandfathering measures until 28th June, 2025. Once the grandfathering period in CRR II has elapsed, AT1 
and/or Tier 2 instruments which do not comply with the new requirements at such date will no longer be 
considered as capital instruments. This could give rise to shortfalls in regulatory capital and, ultimately, could

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25 
result in failure to comply with the applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements, with the 
aforementioned consequences. 
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB expectations regarding prudential provisions for NPLs 
(published on 15th May, 2018) and the ECB’s current review of internal models being used by banks subject 
to its supervision for the calculation of their RWAs could result, respectively, in the need to increase 
provisions for future NPLs and increases in the Group’s capital needs. 
Furthermore, the implementation of the Basel III reforms described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency 
and Capital Requirements” could result in an increase of the Issuer’s and the Group’s total RWAs and, 
therefore, could also result in a decrease of the Issuer’s and the Group’s capital ratios. Likewise, the lack of 
uniformity in the implementation of the Basel III reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and 
applicable regulations could give rise to inequalities and competition distortions. Moreover, the lack of 
regulatory coordination, with some countries bringing forward the application of Basel III requirements or 
increasing such requirements, could adversely affect an entity with global operations such as the Group and 
could affect its profitability. 
Additionally, should the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements, as described in “Regulatory 
Framework – Resolution”, currently only imposed upon G-SIBs, be applicable upon non-G-SIBs entities or 
should the Group once again be classified as a G-SIB, additional minimum requirements similar to MREL 
could in the future be imposed upon the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the above capital requirements or MREL will not adversely affect the Issuer’s 
or its subsidiaries’ ability to make discretionary payments, or result in the cancellation of such payments (in 
whole or in part), or require the Issuer or such subsidiaries to issue additional securities that qualify as eligible 
liabilities or regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which 
may have adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, 
an increase in capital requirements could adversely affect the return on equity and other of the Group’s 
financial results indicators. Moreover, the Issuer’s or the Group’s failure to comply with their capital 
requirements and MREL could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group must also comply with liquidity and funding ratios. Several elements of the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and net stable financing ratio (NSFR) (as such ratios are defined in “Regulatory 
Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements”), as introduced by national banking regulators and fulfilled 
by the Group, may require implementing changes in some of its commercial practices, which could expose the 
Group to additional expenses (including an increase in compliance expenses), affect the profitability of its 
activities or otherwise lead to a significant adverse effect over the Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. As of 31st March, 2021 and 31st December, 2020, the Group's LCR was 151 per cent. 
and 149 per cent. respectively. The NSFR was 127 per cent. as of 31st March, 2021 and 31st December, 2020. 
For further information, see “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements”. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks that may adversely affect it  
The size, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group and its commercial and financial relationships 
with both third parties and related parties result in the need to consider, evaluate and interpret a considerable 
number of tax laws and regulations, as well as any relevant interpretative materials, which in turn involve the 
use of estimates, the interpretation of indeterminate legal concepts and the determination of appropriate 
valuations in order to comply with the tax obligations of the Group. In particular, the preparation of the 
Group's tax returns and the process for establishing tax provisions involve the use of estimates and 
interpretations of tax laws and regulations, which are complex and subject to review by the tax authorities. 
Any error or discrepancy with tax authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates may give 
rise to prolonged administrative or judicial proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
In addition, governments in different jurisdictions are seeking to identify new funding sources, and they have 
recently focused on the financial sector. The Group's presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to 
regulatory and interpretative changes, which could, among other things, lead to (i) an increase in the types of 
tax to which the Group is subject, including in response to the demands of various political forces at the 
national and global level, (ii) changes in the calculation of tax bases and exemptions therefrom, such as the 
changes introduced in the Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law (as defined herein) to limit the exemption for 
dividends and capital gains from domestic and foreign subsidiaries to 95 per cent., which would mean that 5 
per cent. of the dividends and capital gains of Group companies in Spain will be subject to, and not exempt 
from, corporate tax, or (iii) the creation of new taxes, like the common financial transaction tax (FTT) in the 
proposed Tax Directive of the European Commission (which would tax the acquisitions of certain securities, 
including those issued by the Group) and the Spanish FTT which came into effect in Spain in January 2021, 
may have adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to compliance risks  
The Group, due to its role in the economy and the nature of its activities, is singularly exposed to certain 
compliance risks. In particular, the Group must comply with regulations regarding customer conduct, market 
conduct, the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, the protection of personal 
data, the restrictions established by national or international sanctions programs and anti-corruption laws 
(including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010), the violations of 
which could lead to very significant penalties. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit providing 
anything of value to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any 
improper business advantage. As part of the Group’s business, the Group directly or indirectly, through third 
parties, deals with entities whose employees are considered to be government officials. The Group’s activities 
are also subject to complex customer protection and market integrity regulations. 
Generally, these regulations require banking entities to, among other measures, use due diligence measures to 
manage compliance risk. Sometimes, banking entities must apply reinforced due diligence measures because 
they understand that, due to the very nature of the activities they carry out (among others, private banking, 
money transfer and foreign currency exchange operations), they may present a higher risk of money 
laundering or terrorist financing. 
Although the Group has adopted policies, procedures, systems and other measures to manage compliance risk, 
it is dependent on its employees and external suppliers for the implementation of these policies, procedures, 
systems and other measures, and it cannot guarantee that these are sufficient or that the employees (122,021 as 
of 31st March, 2021) or other persons of the Group or its business partners, agents and/or other third parties 
with a business or professional relationship with the Group do not circumvent or violate current regulations or 
the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, acts for which such persons or the Group could be held 
ultimately responsible and/or that could damage the Group's reputation. In particular, acts of misconduct by 
any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage the 
Group’s reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Actual or alleged misconduct 
by Group entities in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment-related 
offenses such as sexual harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, the use and protection of data 
and systems, and the satisfaction of client expectations, and actions taken by regulators or others in response 
to such misconduct, could lead to, among other things, sanctions, fines and reputational damage, any of which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to prevent third parties outside the Group from using the banking 
network in order to launder money or carry out illegal or inappropriate activities. Further, financial crimes 
continually evolve and emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the 
Group's ability to track the movement of funds. Additionally, in adverse economic conditions, it is possible 
that financial crime attempts will increase significantly. 
If there is a breach of the applicable regulations or the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations or if the 
competent authorities consider that the Group does not perform the necessary due diligence inherent to its 
activities, such authorities could impose limitations on the Group's activities, the revocation of its

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
authorisations and licenses, and economic penalties, in addition to having significant consequences for the 
Group's reputation, which could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. Furthermore, the Group from time to time conducts investigations related to alleged 
violations of such regulations and the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, and any such investigation 
or any related procedure could be time consuming and costly, and its results difficult to predict. 
Finally, the COVID-19 outbreak has led in many countries to new specific regulations, mainly focused on 
consumer protection measures. The difficulties associated with the need to adapt the Group’s processes and 
systems to these new regulations quickly along with the fact that the majority of the Group’s employees are 
working remotely could pose new compliance risks. Likewise, despite the existing controls in place, the 
increase in remote account opening driven by the pandemic could increase money laundering risks. 
Additionally, criminals are continuing to exploit the opportunities created by the pandemic across the globe 
and increased money laundering risks associated with counterfeiting of medical goods, investment fraud, 
cyber-crime scams and exploitation of economic stimulus measures put in place by governments. Increased 
strain on the Group’s communications surveillance frameworks could in turn raise the Group’s market 
conduct risk. 
BBVA’s financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, could 
cause material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial position 
The preparation of financial statements in compliance with IFRS-IASB and in accordance with EU-IFRS 
requires the use of estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in applying relevant 
accounting policies. The key areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where 
assumptions are significant to the consolidated and individual financial statements, include the classification, 
measurement and impairment of financial assets, particularly where such assets do not have a readily available 
market price, the assumptions used to quantify certain provisions and for the actuarial calculation of post-
employment benefit liabilities and commitments, the useful life and impairment losses of tangible and 
intangible assets, the valuation of goodwill and purchase price allocation of business combinations, the fair 
value of certain unlisted financial assets and liabilities, the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the 
exchange and inflation rates of Venezuela. There is a risk that if the judgment exercised or the estimates or 
assumptions used subsequently turn out to be incorrect then this could result in significant loss to the Group 
beyond that anticipated or provided for, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Observable market prices are not available for many of the financial assets and liabilities that the Group holds 
at fair value and a variety of techniques to estimate the fair value are used. Should the valuation of such 
financial assets or liabilities become observable, for example as a result of sales or trading in comparable 
assets or liabilities by third parties, this could result in a materially different valuation to the current carrying 
value in the Group’s financial statements. 
The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS-IASB and in accordance with EU-IFRS 
could also significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
Operational Risks 
Attacks, failures or deficiencies in the Group's procedures, systems and security or those of third parties to 
which the Group is exposed could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, and could be detrimental for its reputation 
The Group's activities depend to a large extent on its ability to process and report effectively and accurately on 
a high volume of highly complex transactions with numerous and diverse products and services (by their 
nature, generally ephemeral), in different currencies and subject to different regulatory regimes. Therefore, it 
relies on highly sophisticated information technology (IT) systems for data transmission, processing and 
storage. However, IT systems are vulnerable to various problems, such as hardware and software 
malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking, and physical damage to IT centres. BBVA's exposure to these risks 
has increased significantly in recent years due to the Group's implementation of its ambitious digital strategy.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
According to data as of 31st March, 2021, 65 per cent. of the Group’s customers are digital and 61 per cent. of 
customers regularly use their mobile phones to interact with BBVA, and digital sales represent 69.5 per cent. 
of total sales. BBVA already has more than 500,000 customers registered exclusively through digital channels 
in Spain, of which more than 50 per cent. did so via mobile. These digital services, as well as other 
alternatives that BBVA offers users to become BBVA customers, have become even more important after the 
COVID-19 outbreak and the ensuing restrictions on mobility in the countries in which the Group operates. 
Currently, one in three new clients chooses digital channels to start their relationship with BBVA. Any attack, 
failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation of funds 
of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of confidential 
information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and impairing its ability to provide 
services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or deficiency could result in the 
loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations 
regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss 
of confidence in the Group's security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, 
and additional regulatory compliance expenses and could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it is possible that such attacks, failures or 
deficiencies will not be detected on time or ever. The Group is likely to be forced to spend significant 
additional resources to improve its security measures in the future. As cyber-attacks are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated and difficult to prevent, the Group may not be able to anticipate or prevent all 
possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement preventive measures that are effective or sufficient.  
Customers and other third parties to which the Group is significantly exposed, including the Group's service 
providers (such as data processing companies to which the Group has outsourced certain services), face 
similar risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such third parties could, among other things, 
adversely affect the Group's ability to carry out operations or provide services to its clients or result in the 
unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. Furthermore, the Group may not be 
aware of such attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability to react. Moreover, as a result 
of the increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and technological 
systems, an attack, failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or compromises the systems or 
data of one or more financial institutions could have a significant impact on its counterparts or other market 
participants, including the Group. 
RISKS RELATED TO EARLY INTERVENTION AND RESOLUTION 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could 
materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes  
See “Regulatory Framework – Resolution” for a description of the relevant Spanish Statutory Loss-
Absorption Powers, including the Bail-in Tool and any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. 
The powers set out in the BRRD (which has been partially implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 of 6th November by virtue of which Law 11/2015 is developed and Royal Decree 
2606/1996 of 20th December on credit entities’ deposit guarantee fund is amended (RD 1012/2015)) and the 
SRM Regulation impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed, as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Pursuant to Law 11/2015, upon any application of the Bail-in Tool 
and/or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss Absorption, holders of Notes (including 
SDG Notes) may be subject to, among other things, a write-down (including to zero) and/or conversion into 
equity or other securities or obligations of such Notes. The exercise of any such powers (or any of the other 
resolution powers and tools) may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment or 
otherwise having their rights under such Notes adversely affected. Such exercise could also involve 
modifications to, or the disapplication of, provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes, including, 
among other provisions, the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, or the maturity date or any 
other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. As a 
result, the exercise of the Bail-in Tool with respect to the Notes and/or Non-Viability Loss Absorption (in the 
case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the taking by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority of any other

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
action, or any suggestion that the exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The SDG Notes are fully subject to the exercise of any Bail-in Tool and any Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
that may be applied to the Issuer at any time in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and the 
applicable terms and conditions of any SDG Notes. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Tool and/or (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes (including SDG Notes) is 
likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the 
Issuer’s control. In addition, as the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority will retain a broad element of 
discretion, it may exercise any of its powers without any prior notice to the holders of the Notes. Holders of 
the Notes may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate any potential exercise of 
any such Bail-in Tool and/or (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) Non-Viability Loss Absorption. 
Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any such 
powers by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority may occur. 
This uncertainty may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The price and trading behaviour of the Notes 
may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 and/or the SRM 
Regulation (including any early intervention measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such 
exercise, even if the likelihood of such exercise is remote. Moreover, the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority may exercise any such powers without providing any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. 
In addition, the EBA has published certain regulatory technical standards and implementing technical 
standards to be adopted by the European Commission and certain other guidelines. These standards and 
guidelines could be potentially relevant to determining when or how a Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority 
may exercise the Bail-in Tool and impose Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Such standards and guidelines 
include guidelines on the treatment of shareholders in bail-in or the write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments, and on the rate of conversion of debt to equity or other securities or obligations in any bail-in. No 
assurance can be given that these standards and guidelines will not be detrimental to the rights of a Noteholder 
under, and the value of a Noteholder's investment in, the Notes. 
Finally, any compensation right to which any holder of the Notes may be entitled under the BRRD (as 
implemented in Spain), the SRM Regulation and Applicable Banking Regulations as described under 
“Regulatory Framework – Resolution” is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually 
incurred and, in any event, there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. In 
addition, in the case of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption, it is not clear that a holder of the affected Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes would have a right to compensation. 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an Event of Default in the event of the adoption of 
any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the BRRD as 
implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation if the Issuer or its group of 
consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly deteriorating financial 
condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory requirements relating to 
solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution referred to in 
“Regulatory Framework – Resolution” are met.   
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself 
constitute an Event of Default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise 
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. 
However, this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights 
accordingly where an Event of Default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
or resolution procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which 
has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation in relation to the exercise of the 
relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred 
to in “Regulatory Framework – Resolution”. Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will 
consequently be limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and the 
SRM Regulation. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action (or any threat or suggestion 
that such action may be taken) would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and the 
enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any Event of Default may 
be limited in these circumstances.  
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
such features. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature (including any redemption of the Notes (i) for tax reasons pursuant to 
Condition 6(b), (ii) upon the occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event pursuant to Condition 6(d) (other than 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) and (iii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Eligible Liabilities Event and Capital Event each having the 
meanings given in Conditions 6(d) and 6(e), respectively)) may limit the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived 
increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.  
Should the Issuer elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes, 
an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at such times at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the laws or regulations of Spain, Applicable 
Banking Regulations or the application or binding official interpretation thereof, or any of the other events 
referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the 
Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or, as 
applicable, any prior consent of the Regulator required for such redemption will be given. 
The conversion of the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as such change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of 
an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark.   
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5th March, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA 
published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and 
tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication, including the continued 
publication of certain LIBOR settings for a limited further period subject to a changed methodology (the FCA 
announcement). 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
"benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
"benchmark". Recently, Regulation (EU) 2021/168, which amends the EU Benchmarks Regulation, has 
introduced certain changes to the framework addressing the termination of financial benchmarks. Under the 
new framework, the European Commission will have the power to replace so-called 'critical benchmarks', 
which could affect the stability of financial markets in the EU, and other relevant benchmarks, if their 
termination would result in a significant disruption in the functioning of financial markets in the EU. The 
European Commission will also be able to replace third-country benchmarks if their cessation would result in 
a significant disruption in the functioning of financial markets or pose a systemic risk for the financial system

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
in the EU. The new rules also cover the replacement of a benchmark designated as critical in one member 
state, through national legislation.    
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms (including those announced in relation to LIBOR 
and the application of any similar reforms to other “benchmarks”), or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or 
(iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms, as 
applicable, in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable may adversely 
affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, 
including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate (SONIA) 
or the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR), or other relevant reference rate ceases to exist or be published 
or another Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, occurs. The IBA announcement 
and FCA announcement referred to above would each constitute such a Benchmark Event. This would trigger 
certain of the fallback arrangements, although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are not 
necessarily immediately effective under the Conditions of the Notes. 
These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined, without any 
separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, and that an Adjustment Spread or a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, respectively, may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, as a result of the replacement of the relevant benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (as the case may be). Certain Benchmark Amendments or other amendments, in the 
case of SOFR, to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may also be made without the consent or approval 
of holders of the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. In the case of any Alternative Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread unless formally recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments, and any 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement, SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and related amendments, the 
relevant replacement and adjustment (if any) and any such amendments shall be determined by the 
Benchmark Calculation Agent (acting in good faith, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser) or, in the case of SOFR the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The 
use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (including the application of SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) will still 
result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in its current 
form.  
Further, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, SOFR Benchmark Replacement, Adjustment Spread or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment may be adopted, nor any other amendment to the Terms and Conditions 
of any Series of Notes may be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of Article 45 of the BRRD, in each case 
of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable. If the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as Benchmark 
Calculation Agent, then depending on the circumstances in which any such discretion is required to be 
exercised, such exercise could present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of 
Fixed Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the initial Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may need to be made by 
the Issuer and the involvement of the Benchmark Calculation Agent and any Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of and 
return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes and could also have a material adverse effect on the value, market 
price or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. Investors 
should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR (SONIA-Linked Notes and 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from Sterling and U.S. dollar LIBOR, 
respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA 
and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rates, 
whereas Sterling and U.S dollar LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a 
credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that there may be a 
material difference in the behaviour of Sterling LIBOR and SONIA or U.S. dollar LIBOR and SOFR as 
interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for 
Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the 
calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt 
securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR. 
Each of the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY) publish certain 
historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in 
SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, 
respectively. For example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates (see “SOFR and SONIA may 
be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the 
term of any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR as 
a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively. For example, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this 
Offering Circular, currently exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA or SOFR reference rates (which seek to

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates 
transferring from Sterling LIBOR or U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively, or another reference rate to SONIA or 
SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme for which 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with 
the provisions for such determination as set out in Condition 4(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(D), 
respectively. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an 
interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-
based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced 
Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the spread over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt 
securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may 
be lower than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA or SOFR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the 
FRBNY, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an 
alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on 
transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, 
is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in 
respect of SONIA. This may mean that market participants would not consider SONIA or SOFR a suitable

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which Sterling or U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been 
used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), 
which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SONIA or SOFR. Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes 
which reference Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR and the price at which investors 
can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes  
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(C)) or SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(D)) and immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest 
Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without 
changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 9, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in 
respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable. 
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in Compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a 
target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the 
future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. Similar considerations may 
also apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation of such operations to 
the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked 
Notes or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and may 
be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, relatively 
new market indexes 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SONIA or 
SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average 
of SONIA or SOFR rates during such Interest Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR 
Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of 
investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, on a particular 
business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on such business day and 
allows the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR averages, as applicable, over custom time 
periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, 
its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such 
compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR on the interest payment date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the 
Bank of England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and 
Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the Conditions and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, 
may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation 
method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked 
Notes, respectively 
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over 
the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, and have no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), 
as the respective administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the respective administrators of 
SONIA or SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked 
Notes will apply, as further described in Condition 4(c)(ii)(C) and 4(c)(ii)(D), respectively. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any 
SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no 
interest will be payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The 
administrator of each of SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR 
may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, 
respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely 
affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms  
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by The Bank of England and the FRBNY, 
respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control 
over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or the availability of the 
SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its 
relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination 
is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index is calculated, 
including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is calculated, is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable and the trading prices of 
such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the published 
SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR data in its sole discretion 
and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or SOFR data that the 
Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been 
determined. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset 
Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) until (but excluding) the Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). On the Reset Date 
and each Subsequent Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (if any) thereafter, the interest 
rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin (each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (as defined in Condition 4(b)) (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset 
Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior 
Reset Periods and could be less than the return an investor could realise from another equivalent investment 
on the Reset Date, which in turn could have a material adverse affect on the market value of an investment in 
the Fixed Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such 
volatilities could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes 
as eligible liabilities of the Issuer or the Group is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes may be issued with 
the intention of being eligible for inclusion in the amount of eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the Group 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. As there is uncertainty regarding the final form, application and 
interpretation of Applicable Banking Regulations insofar as such eligibility is concerned, the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes may not conform to the requirements 
ultimately applicable from time to time for them to be (or thereafter remain) eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
If an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem or substitute and vary the terms of those Notes 
at its option in accordance with Conditions 6(d) and 15(b), which may result in investors not realising the 
return on the Notes that they were otherwise expecting or have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of the relevant Notes. See "– If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the 
market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return" above.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
Claims of Holders under the Senior Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors and 
claims of Holders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are further junior to those of other senior 
creditors  
The Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer, in accordance with 
and to the extent permitted by the Insolvency Law (as defined in Condition 3(d)) and other applicable laws 
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in Spain (including, without limitation, Additional 
Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015), the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes with respect to 
claims for principal (which claims will constitute ordinary claims) will rank: (a) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes: (i) junior to any (A) privileged claims (créditos privilegiados) (which shall include, among 
other claims, any claims in respect of deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) 
and (B) claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa); (ii) pari passu without any preference 
or priority among themselves and with all other Senior Preferred Obligations; and (iii) senior to (A) any 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and (B) all subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer, 
present and future; and (b) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: (i) junior to any (A) privileged claims 
(créditos privilegiados); (B) claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa); and (C) Senior 
Preferred Obligations; (ii) pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and (iii) senior to all 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer, present and future. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given in Condition 3(d). 
Upon insolvency, the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes will also be effectively subordinated to 
all of the Issuer’s secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of, or the proceeds realised from, the assets 
securing such indebtedness. The Senior Notes are further structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of 
subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any right of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their 
winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-
up. 
Moreover, the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation contemplate that Senior Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority. This may involve the variation 
of the terms of the Senior Notes or a change in their form, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the 
Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority. See “Risks Related to Early Intervention and 
Resolution -  
Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could 
materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes” and “Regulatory 
Framework - Resolution”. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in 
the event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated and unsecured and, upon the 
insolvency of the Issuer, will rank junior to all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and other obligations 
that rank senior under Spanish law. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes 
will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and 
the Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Bail-in Tool (including, in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss Absorption) or (ii) insolvent.  
In the case of any exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority, the sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of the Notes under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of Law 
11/2015 shall be in the following order: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 capital 
instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 capital instruments (including Tier 2 Subordinated Notes); (iv)

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
the principal amount of other subordinated claims that are not Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital (such 
as Senior Subordinated Notes); (v) the principal or outstanding amount of the remaining eligible liabilities in 
the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (with senior non-preferred claims 
(créditos ordinarios no preferentes) (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) subject to the Bail-in Tool after any 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law (as 
defined in Condition 3(d)) but before the other senior claims of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes)). 
In addition, Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be subject to Non-Viability Loss Absorption, which may be 
imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Bail-in Tool.  
While any such write-down or conversion of the Notes and any other such obligations of the Issuer shall be 
implemented in accordance with the hierarchy described above (unless otherwise provided by Applicable 
Banking Regulations), even if grounds for compensation could be established, compensation may not be 
available under the BRRD to any holders of capital instruments subject to any write-down or conversion and 
even if available would only take the form of shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer, the 
Group or another person. See “Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution –  
Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could 
materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes” and “Regulatory 
Framework - Resolution”. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes may not be redeemed 
prior to maturity at the option of Noteholders, including in the event of non-payment of principal or 
interest and the redemption of the Notes may be subject to certain conditions 
Pursuant to the CRR, the Issuer is prohibited from including in the terms and conditions of any Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes terms that would oblige it to redeem such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes prior to their stated 
maturity at the option or request of holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. Additionally, in accordance with 
Article 45(b) of the BRRD, Article 38 of RD 1012/2015 and the EU Banking Reforms, terms of instruments 
(including Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) that provide 
for any early redemption of that instrument at the option of the holder could limit its eligibility for MREL 
purposes. As a result, the terms and conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Subordinated Notes may not include provisions allowing for early redemption of such Notes at 
the option of Noteholders. Furthermore, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes only, Noteholders will not have any rights under the terms and conditions of such 
Notes to request the early redemption of the relevant Notes in the event of any failure by the Issuer to comply 
with its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, any obligation to pay principal or interest 
in respect of such Notes). See Condition 9. 
According to the CRR, the prior consent of the Regulator must be obtained as a condition for the redemption 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes. 
It is not possible to predict whether the relevant circumstances in which the Issuer may be able to elect to 
redeem any such Notes will occur, including whether any prior consent of the Regulator required for such 
redemption will be given, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise any option to redeem the 
Notes. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to any possible redemption at any time of any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and any applicable Senior Preferred Notes. See also “If the Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return” 
above.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
No holder of any Notes may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights (as defined in Condition 
3(d)) against any right, claim or liability of the Issuer or that the Issuer may have or acquire against such 
holder, directly or indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising 
under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any kind, whether or not relating to such 
Notes). 
The terms and conditions of the Notes provide that holders of the Notes shall be deemed to have waived all 
Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and 
potential rights, claims and liabilities. As a result, those Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set-off 
the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
The application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of SDG Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” 
may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria   
Prospective investors in any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes as described in “Use of Proceeds” below 
(Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, respectively, and, together, SDG Notes), should have 
regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” regarding the use of the net proceeds of those SDG Notes and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
SDG Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is 
given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Sustainability Projects (as defined in 
the “Use of Proceeds” section below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. 
A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22nd June, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18th June, 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for 
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While BBVA’s 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Bond Framework (April 2018) published on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time, the SDGs Bond Framework) is in alignment with the relevant 
objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives 
have been developed it is not known whether the SDGs Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria. 
Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are 
established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Sustainability Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Sustainability Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any SDG Notes and in particular with any 
Sustainability Projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report,

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Offering Circular. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such SDG Notes. Any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such SDG Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any SDG Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such SDG Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the SDG Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any SDG Notes and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this. Nor 
can there be any assurance that any Sustainability Projects will be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of SDG Notes for any Sustainability Projects, 
or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, as well as the existence of 
any potential mismatch between the duration of the Sustainability Projects and the term of any SDG Notes 
will not (i) constitute an event of default under the relevant SDG Notes, or (ii) give rise to any other claim or 
right (including any right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such SDG Notes against the Issuer, or (iii) 
lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory 
treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL if such Notes are also 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be. 
The SDG Notes are issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without limitation, in 
relation to their status, interest payments, redemption and events of default as described in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” and the applicable Final Terms, regardless of the issue of such Notes as SDG Notes. 
The SDG Notes are further subject to any Bail-in Tool and Non-Viability Loss Absorption that may be 
imposed in exactly the same manner as for any other Notes (including where such Notes are also Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
Similarly, any SDG Notes, as for any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility 
criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, the proceeds 
of SDG Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities may be used to cover losses in the balance sheet 
of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. 
Further, the performance of the SDG Notes will in no circumstances be linked to the performance of any 
Sustainability Projects that may be identified by the Issuer and no segregation of assets and liabilities 
regarding any SDG Notes or Sustainability Projects will occur at any time. Payments of principal and interest 
on any SDG Notes shall not depend on the performance of any Sustainability Project nor will holders of any 
SDG Notes have any preferred right against the assets of any Sustainability Project.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying 
on, and/or any such SDG Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such SDG Notes and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Notes):  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible, there are still significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC and the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes is subject to such 
restrictions 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Offering Circular. The government of the 
PRC (the PRC Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies 
despite significant reduction in the control by the PRC Government, particularly in recent years over trade 
transactions involving the import and export of goods and services, as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies, in addition to the U.S. 
dollar, euro, Yen and Sterling, created by the International Monetary Fund as an international reserve asset in 
2016 and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign 
currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise 
control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation will not be discontinued, or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future 
that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
While the People’s Bank of China (the PBoC) has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi 
business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities 
(the RMB Clearing Banks) including, but not limited to, Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi 
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The 
relevant RMB Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
settling open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing 
Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services. In any such case the participating banks will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future so as to have the effect of restricting the availability of Renminbi outside

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, 
there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in 
Renminbi, where a RMB Currency Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that the Issuer determines, while acting in good faith that one of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-
Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in Condition 5(h)) has occurred as a result of which the 
Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the terms of such 
Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars (or such other currency as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date, all 
as provided in Condition 5(h). The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the market.  
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks  
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time 
and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. On 11th December, 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the CFETS), a sub-
institutional organisation of the PBoC, published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, 
which weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi 
exchange rate. Such change and others that may be implemented may increase the volatility in the value of 
Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will 
be made in Renminbi unless a RMB Currency Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. dollars converted at 
the Spot Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency 
terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value of an investor’s 
investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign 
exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. If a Renminbi Note 
carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will subsequently vary with 
fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such Renminbi Notes 
before their maturity then they may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in the Conditions  
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 
5(h), all payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and 
procedures, or (ii) for so long as Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing 
rules and regulations. Other than as described in Condition 5(h), the Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other 
tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in Renminbi Notes might be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing 
of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:  
Spanish tax rules  
Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The procedures apply to interest deriving from preference shares and 
debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period 
equal to or less than twelve months.  
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007 income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as the Depository Trust Company (DTC), Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent 
appointed by the Issuer submits a statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency 
Agreement, with the following information:  
(i) 
identification of the securities;  
(ii) 
payment date;  
(iii) 
total amount of income paid on the relevant date; and 
(iv) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing system located outside Spain. 
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house.  
In accordance with Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007 the relevant Paying Agent should provide the Issuer with 
the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The statement must reflect 
the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the entity obliged to 
provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at 
the general rate of 19 per cent.  
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the obliged entity provides 
the statement, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. 
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer does not accept any responsibility in relation to any failure in 
the delivery of the relevant statement by the Paying Agent in connection with each payment of interest under 
the Notes. Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner 
who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose payments are 
nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the relevant statement was not duly delivered to the 
Issuer. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding tax. 
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other 
things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will 
notify the Noteholders of such information procedures and their implications, as the Issuer may be required to 
apply withholding tax on interest payments in respect of the Notes if the Noteholders do not comply with such 
information procedures.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
General 
The procedure described in this Offering Circular for the provision of information required by Spanish laws 
and regulations is a summary only and none of the Issuer or the Dealers assumes any responsibility therefore. 
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other 
things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will 
notify the Noteholders of such information procedures and their implications, as the Issuer may be required to 
apply withholding tax on distributions in respect of the relevant securities if the Noteholders do not comply 
with such information procedures. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification by defined majorities 
or without any separate consent or approval of the Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
If an Eligible Liabilities Event or a Capital Event, as applicable, occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may 
substitute or modify the terms of the Notes, without any separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, so 
that the Notes once again become or remain Qualifying Notes (as defined in Condition 15(b)), provided that 
any variation in the terms of the Notes resulting from such substitution or modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of any Notes governed by English law pursuant to 
Condition 19, any change in the governing law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law so that the 
Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes shall be deemed not to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. See Condition 15(b). 
There can be no assurance as to how the terms of any Qualifying Notes resulting from any such substitution or 
modification will be viewed by the market or whether any such Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are 
at least equivalent to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
In addition, the Issuer will not be under any obligation to have regard to the tax position of any Noteholders in 
connection with any such substitution or modification of the Notes or to the tax consequences of any such 
substitution or modification for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment from, or have any other recourse to, the Issuer or any other person in respect of 
any tax or other consequences of any such substitution or modification for that Noteholder. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
If the conditions set out in Condition 17 of the Notes are met, the Issuer may, without any separate consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, substitute in its place another company incorporated anywhere in the world as 
the principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes (the Substituted 
Debtor). In that case, the Noteholders will assume the risk that the Substituted Debtor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. No Noteholder shall be entitled to 
claim any indemnification or payment from, or have any other recourse to, the Issuer in respect of any tax or 
other consequences of any such substitution for that Noteholder. 
The rights of Noteholders could be adversely affected by a change in Spanish law, English law or 
administrative practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law and Spanish law, as applicable, in effect as at the date 
of this Offering Circular. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to Spanish and/or English law or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and 
any such change could materially adversely impact the rights of any Noteholders.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures  
The Regulation S Notes will be represented on issue by a Regulation S Global Note that will be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances 
described in the Regulation S Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note. While the Notes are represented by the 
Regulation S Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants.  
The Rule 144A Notes will be represented on issue by a Rule 144A Global Note that will be deposited with a 
nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the Rule 144A Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. DTC and its direct and indirect participants will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Note. While the Notes are represented by the Rule 144A 
Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through DTC and its participants, 
including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in either Global Note.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.  
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY  
Set out below is a brief description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and the 
market price of the Notes may be subject to factors outside of the Issuer’s control, all of which could 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active 
trading market does not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The market price of the Notes could 
also be affected by market conditions more generally and other factors outside of the Issuer’s control and 
unrelated to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes at a particular time or may not be able to sell their Notes at a favourable price.  
Although applications have been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that 
any particular issue of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular issue of Notes. 
The liquidity of any market for the Notes will depend on a number of factors including: 
• 
the number of holders of the Notes; 
• 
the Issuer's ratings published by major credit rating agencies; 
• 
the Issuer's financial performance; 
• 
the market for similar securities;

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
• 
the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the notes; and 
• 
prevailing interest rates. 
No assurance can be given that an active market for the Notes will develop or, if developed, that it will 
continue.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency and/or the Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes as the 
return realised on the Fixed Rate Notes may then be less than the return an investor could realise from another 
equivalent investment at the relevant time. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes (including on an 
unsolicited basis). The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure and market 
of the Notes and additional factors discussed above and do not address the price, if any, at which the Notes 
may be resold prior to maturity (which may be substantially less than the original offering prices of the Notes) 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. However, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's 
credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes will generally affect the market value of the Notes. Such 
change may, among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating 
securities with similar structures to the Notes, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer's financial strength 
or other factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK-
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre- 2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result 
in relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the 6K to 2020 Form 20-F with Accession Number 0000842180-21-000012 containing our 
Consolidated Financial Statements and certain revised disclosures as of and for the years ended 31st 
December, 2020, 31st December, 2019 and 31st December, 2018 as filed with the SEC on 2nd June, 
2021 (which includes on pages F-1 and F-3 thereof the auditor's report and on pages F-4 to F-180 
thereof, 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
(available 
at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/842180/000084218021000012/d20f2020recast.htm);  
(b) 
the Form 20-F of the Issuer, for the financial year ended 31st December, 2020 as filed with the SEC 
on 26th February, 2021 (which includes on pages F-1 to F-3 thereof the auditor's report and on pages 
F-4 to F-182 thereof, the consolidated financial statements for each of the years ending 31st 
December, 
2020, 
31st 
December, 
2019 
and 
31st December, 
2018) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/842180/000084218021000008/d20f2020.htm#page_422);  
(c) 
the section entitled “Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)” set out on pages 200 to 210 
(inclusive) of the Management Report 2020 included in the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements and Management Report (available at: https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/02/BBVA-GROUP-Annual-Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf); 
(d) 
the following sections of the unaudited interim report corresponding to the three month period ended 
31st March, 2021, (i) on page 9 thereof, the Group’s unaudited consolidated income statement for the 
three month period ended 31st March, 2021, (ii) on page10 thereof, the Group’s unaudited 
consolidated balance sheet as at 31st March, 2021, (iii) on page 17 thereof, the Group's capital base as 
at 31st March, 2021, and (iv) on page20 thereof, certain information regarding non-performing loans 
and provisions of the Group (available at: https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/30042021HRInforme1Q21_Eng.pdf);   
(e) 
the audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31st December, 
2020 
(available 
at: 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/04-
BBVA-Annual-Report-2020.pdf); 
(f) 
the audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31st December, 
2019 
(available 
at: 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/03/BBVAFinancialStatementsManagementReportAuditorsReport2019_Eng.pdf
); 
(g) 
the audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31st December, 
2018 
(available 
at: 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/03/AnnualReportBBVASA2018_Eng.pdf); 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 10th July, 
2020, pages 69 to 123 (inclusive) (available at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/GMTN-Offering-Circular-2020.pdf); 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 2nd July, 
2019, pages 85 to 136 (inclusive) (available at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/07/Offering-Circular-02072019.pdf); 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 2nd August, 
2018, pages 79 to 129 (inclusive) (available at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/OfferingCircular02082018.pdf);

--- Page 50 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
50 
(k) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 17th July, 
2017, pages 63 to 102 (inclusive) (available at: https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/Offering_Circular_17072017_tcm926-6688651.pdf), as supplemented by the 
supplements 
to 
it 
dated 
25th 
April, 
2018 
(available 
at: 
https://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/1310M_-2018-4-25.pdf) and 30th April, 2018 (available at: 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6372M_-2018-4-30.pdf); and 
(l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 25th 
November, 
2016, 
pages 
60 
to 
96 
(inclusive) 
(available 
at: 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/01/OfferingCircular25112016_tcm926-630659.pdf), as supplemented by the 
supplements 
to 
it 
dated 
1st 
February, 
2017 
(available 
at: 
https://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/7919V_-2017-2-1.pdf) and 28th April, 2017 (available at: 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/0577E_-2017-5-3.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be 
relevant for prospective investors in the Notes to be issued under the Programme or (ii) covered elsewhere in 
this Offering Circular.  
The contents of any website (except for the documents incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular to 
the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Offering Circular do not (and shall not be deemed to) 
form part of (and are not incorporated into) this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for 
the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. Words and expressions 
defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this overview. 
 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Issuer: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71 
Arranger: 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
NATIXIS 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. 
 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Exchange Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

--- Page 52 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
52 
Euro Registrar:  
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
U.S. Registrar and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Programme Size: 
Up to €40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement, 
subject to the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below, and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Maturities: 
Notes may be issued with: 
(a) 
any maturity greater than one month in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes; 
(b) 
a minimum original maturity of one year in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes and, if 
intended to qualify as eligible liabilities of the Issuer or the 
Group for the purposes of Article 45 of the BRRD (as 
implemented in Spain and including any amendment or 
replacement of the relevant implementing provisions), Senior 
Preferred Notes, or such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
the Applicable Banking Regulation; and 
(c) 
a minimum original maturity of five years in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, or such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations, 
each as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may otherwise be issued with such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form and may 
be issued in NGN form as described in “Form of the Notes”. Notes 
issued in registered form may be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure for registered global securities (the NSS) as described in 
“Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice-versa.   
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed

--- Page 53 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
53 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Fixed Reset Notes: 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date 
by reference to the relevant Reset Margin and Mid-Swap Rate. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or  
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes.  
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Benchmark Calculation 
Agent may, subject to certain conditions, in accordance with 
Condition 4(d) and without any separate consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any 
Benchmark Amendments. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (with a maturity of less than 12 months) will be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not 
bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default or upon the 
occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event (other than in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes where Eligible Liabilities Event has been 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or, in the 
case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or, except in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the 
Noteholders. The terms of any such redemption, including notice 
periods, any relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant 
redemption dates and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final

--- Page 54 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
54 
Terms. 
 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their original maturity only in 
compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in 
Condition 3(d)) then in force and, with the consent of the Regulator, if 
required. See Conditions 6(b) to 6(e). 
Substitution and Variation 
If an Eligible Liabilities Event or a Capital Event, as applicable, 
occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, without any separate consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or modify the terms of the 
Notes, including changing the governing law of the Notes, so that the 
Notes once again become or remain Qualifying Notes. See Condition 
15(b). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the minimum 
denomination of each Definitive IAI Registered Note will be 
U.S.$200,000 or its approximate equivalent in other Specified 
Currencies. 
Taxation: 
Save as set out below, all payments in respect of the Notes will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by Spain as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
According to RD 1065/2007 the Issuer is not obliged to withhold any 
tax amount provided that the simplified information procedures 
(which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied 
with by the Paying Agent, as described in “Taxation – Tax Reporting 
Obligations of the Issuer”.  
 
For further information regarding the interpretation of RD 1065/2007 
please refer to “Risk Factors – Spanish tax rules”. 
 
For further details, see “Taxation” below. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain any cross default provision. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Additional Events of Default: 
The terms of Senior Preferred Notes will only contain the Additional 
Events of Default as provided in Condition 9(b) if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes. Senior 
Notes may be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 55 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
55 
Notes. Subordinated Notes may be either Senior Subordinated Notes 
or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. See Condition 3.  
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will contain provisions 
allowing for the substitution of the Issuer as principal debtor, without 
any separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, as more fully 
described in Condition 17. 
Rating: 
The Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme have been 
rated A- by S&P, A3 by Moody’s and A- by Fitch. The Senior Non-
Preferred Notes issued under the Programme have been rated BBB+ 
by S&P, Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB+ by Fitch. The Programme has 
Series of Notes issued that may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin.  
Governing Law: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with either, English 
law or Spanish law as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of Notes governed by English law, the provisions of Conditions 3 
and 20 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law. The Notes will be issued in accordance 
with the formalities prescribed by Spanish company law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and 
the offer or sale of Notes in Japan, the EEA, Spain, the UK, Italy, 
Belgium, Hong Kong, the PRC, Singapore, Switzerland, the United 
States and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) or a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be notified as to whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held means that 
the Notes of a particular Tranche are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another 
entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership or 
certification to the effect that the holder is a U.S. person who purchased in a transaction that did not require 
registration under the Securities Act and to the effect that such holder is not a United States person, or is a 
United States person that purchased by or through certain United States financial institutions or is a financial 
institution purchasing for resale during the restricted period to persons other than United States persons or 
persons within the United States or its possessions as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 57 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
57 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, (iii) if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive 
form or (iv) the Notes are required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and no 
alternative clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.”  
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons.  
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Registered Notes  
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Regulation S Global Note). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or 
sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not 
be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note 
will bear a legend describing such restrictions on transfer.  
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (a) to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (QIBs) or (b) to “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the 
Securities Act that are institutions (Institutional Accredited Investors)) who agree to purchase the Notes for 
their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold 
to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Note and, together with 
a Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes).

--- Page 58 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
58 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) be deposited with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name 
of a nominee if the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial 
interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.  
Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche and deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS, are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes of such Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during 
their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof (Definitive IAI Registered Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in 
the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the 
applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”. Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may elect to 
hold such Notes through DTC, but transferees acquiring the Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act 
registration pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon 
satisfaction of the requirements applicable to such transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. The Rule 144A Global Note and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will 
be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 5(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (b) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form, (c) in the case of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, no successor clearing system is 
available, (d) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the 
Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing 
system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or 
(e) the Notes are required to be removed from (in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC) DTC and, in either case, 
no alternative clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 59 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
59 
with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar.  
Transfer of interests  
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a 
Definitive IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all 
applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a 
Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer 
such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable, in each case. Registered Notes are also subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
General  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS 
number which are different from the common code and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to 
the Notes of such Tranche.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or its nominee each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents or making 
requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the 
relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Note may be accelerated 
by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such circumstances, where any 
Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note within a period of 15 days from the 
giving of a notice by a holder with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg of such Notes so represented and 
credited to its securities account that it wishes to accelerate such Notes, then holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and in the case of Notes governed by English 
law subject to the terms of an amended and restated deed of covenant dated 2nd July, 2019 and executed by

--- Page 60 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
60 
the Issuer (the Deed of Covenant) and in the case of Notes governed by Spanish law the terms of the Global 
Notes. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require 
DTC to deliver Definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in 
accordance with DTC’s standard operating procedures.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to and shall not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to and shall not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AS THE ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment 
indicates that the Notes are incompatible with the knowledge, experience, needs, characteristic and objective 
of clients which are retail clients (as defined in MiFID II) and accordingly the Notes shall not be offered or 
sold to any retail clients.] [    ] [Consider any other negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms for all Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, this legend should also be included if the Senior Preferred Notes 
potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction in Part 
B, paragraph 7(a) of the Final Terms should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms for all Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, this legend should also be included if the Senior Preferred Notes 
potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction in Part 
B, paragraph 7(b) of the Final Terms should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 62 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
62 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[The target market assessment indicates that the Notes are incompatible with the knowledge, experience, 
needs, characteristic and objective of clients which are retail clients (as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018)) and accordingly the Notes shall not be offered or sold to any retail clients.] 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified, the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has 
determined the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the 
Singapore Monetary Authority (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71 
Issue of [     ] [     ] 
under the €40,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated 21st July, 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [   ] and 
[    ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [[10th July, 2020 and the supplements to it dated 4th 
August, 2020, 5th November, 2020 and 5th March, 2021]/[2nd July, 2019 and the supplements to it dated 7th 
                                                     
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms for all Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms for all Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed 
capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 63 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
63 
August, 2019, 13th September, 2019, 1st November, 2019, 23rd December, 2019, 13th February, 2020 and 
6th May, 2020]/[2nd August, 2018 and the supplements to it dated 9th November, 2018, 13th February, 2019 
and 24th May, 2019]/[17th July, 2017 and the supplements to it dated 25th April, 2018 and 30th April, 
2018]/[25th November, 2016 and the supplements to it dated 1st February, 2017 and 28th April, 2017] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 21st July, 2021. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 21st July, 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [   ] and [    ]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering 
Circular), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]  
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum integral amount 
in which transfers can be made) 
[     ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")

--- Page 64 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
64 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[specify]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[ Specify date or for Floating rate notes]/Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]6 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[    ] month [EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR +/-[     ] per cent. 
Floating Rate][Zero Coupon][Not Applicable]  
 
(see paragraphs [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs [14], 
[15], [16] and [17] below and identify there][Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
(b) 
Status of Senior Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Non-Preferred/Not 
Applicable] 
                                                     
6  
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it 
will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 65 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
65 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: 
[Senior 
Subordinated/Tier 
2 
Subordinated/Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year commencing on [     ] up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment for 
payment purposes only and not for interest accrual 
purposes, in accordance with the Following Business 
Day Convention]]/[Not Applicable]7 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]8 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
or 
30/360 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
                                                     
7  
For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification and 
the following words should be added: “provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day". 
8  
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interests Payment Dates are subject to modification the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY 0.005, being rounded upwards."

--- Page 66 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
66 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year commencing on [     ] up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment for 
payment purposes only and not for interest accrual 
purposes, in accordance with the Following Business 
Day Convention]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the Reset Date for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions):  
[[      ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)9] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(h) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[       ] [and [      ]] 
(i) 
Reset Reference Rate:  
[Mid-Swap 
Rate][Sterling 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate][Reset Reference Bond Rate][CMT Rate][    ] 
(j) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum 
                                                     
9  
Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
67 
(k) 
10[Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ]] 
(l) 
11[Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
(m) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(n) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis])] 
(o) 
12[Initial Reference Rate: 
[  ] per cent.] 
(p) 
13[Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Other-
specify/Not Applicable]] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[[     ] (the Calculation Agent)] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[Currency] [     ] month [EURIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or the day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
                                                     
10 Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Mid-Swap Rate or Reset Reference Bond Rate. 
11 Delete sub-paragraphs (l) through (n) if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Mid-Swap Rate. 
12 Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is the Mid-Swap Rate. 
13 Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Reset Reference Bond Rate.

--- Page 68 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
68 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which by 
its definition is excluded from the Interest Period), if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or the day falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
included in the below SOFR Observation Shift Period 
prior to the day on which the relevant Interest Period 
ends (but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period), if Compounded Daily SOFR)  
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]15 
− 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[[[     ] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]16 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 London Banking Days should 
be specified unless otherwise agreed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable) 
− 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Specified Time:  
[    ] 
(N.B. Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR where Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable and in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the Specified Time should be 5:00pm 
unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
                                                     
15  
 
Only include for Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as being “Compounded Daily SONIA” or "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" and for which "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable 
16  
 
Only include for Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as being “Compounded Daily SONIA” or "Compounded 
 
Daily SOFR" and for which "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable

--- Page 69 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
69 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending 
on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation(specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Tax Redemption 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[     ] 
19. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 70 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
70 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ]  
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, on an event 
of default, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or upon the occurrence of an Eligible 
Liabilities Event: 
[     ]  
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  
If, however, the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 
100 per 
cent. of 
the 
nominal 
value, 
consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 71 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
71 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event [including/excluding] the exchange event 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition in the 
Permanent Global Note]  
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described 
in paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of 14th 
December, 200514]  
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].") 
 
[Registered Notes:  
 
[Regulation S Global Note ([     ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]/[Rule 144A Global Note 
([     ] nominal amount registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]])/[Definitive IAI Registered Notes 
(specify nominal amounts)] 
 
 
24. 
New Global Note (NGN): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
                                                     
14  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 72 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
72 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give details]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
27. 
Condition 16 applies: 
[Yes][No] 
28. 
Eligible Liabilities Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Note that the option of 
"Not Applicable" should only be used in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes, as Eligible Liabilities Event 
will always be applicable in the case of any Notes 
other than Senior Preferred Notes) 
29. 
Additional 
Events 
of 
Default 
(Senior 
Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Spot Rate (if different from that set out in 
Condition 5(h)): 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate: 
[[    ] (the RMB Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Relevant Currency (if different from that in 
Condition 5(h)): 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
34. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable]  
35. 
Governing Law: 
[English Law]/[Spanish Law] 
 
 
[Date] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .......................................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 73 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
73 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[    ]  
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single Series with a 
previous listed issue, it should be indicated here that 
the original Notes are already listed and admitted to 
trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued will not be rated]/[The Notes 
to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and the 
associated defined terms].] 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the   
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE  
[Save for [any fees/the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]  
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 74 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
74 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer 
[The Notes are [Green/Social/Sustainability] Notes as 
described, and as this term is defined, in the Offering 
Circular and the proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
are 
intended 
to 
be 
used 
for 
[“green”/[and/or]/”social”/[and/or]/”sustainability”] 
purposes as described in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of the Offering Circular.][The net proceeds of 
the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to 
finance and/or refinance, in part or in full, new and/or 
existing [description of relevant projects to be 
inserted].][      ]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Offering Circular 
– if reasons for offer are different from general 
corporate purposes and there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will need to be stated 
here.) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[      ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Reset 
Notes only) 
 
(a) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]  
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(d) 
CUSIP: 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the Depository 
Trust Company and the relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/[give name(s) and number(s)]] 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European

--- Page 75 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
75 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met. The Notes will be 
deposited initially upon issue with one of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
[(together, the ICSDs)] acting as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, held under 
the NSS.][Include this text for Registered Notes]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. [(together, the 
ICSDs)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
NSS.][include this text for Registered Notes] Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES  
 
(a) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(“Applicable” should be specified for all Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. In the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes, if the Senior Preferred 
Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
and the Issuer does not wish to prohibit offers to EEA 
retail investors for any other reason, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared or 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(b) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(“Applicable” should be specified for all Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. In the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes, if the Senior Preferred 
Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
and the Issuer does not wish to prohibit offers to UK 
retail investors for any other reason, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared or 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail

--- Page 76 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
76 
investors for any other reason, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(c) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
8. 
RELEVANT BENCHMARKS 
 
(a) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name].  
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal name] 
appears in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal name] 
does not appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]/[[ administrator legal 
name] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.]]. 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].

--- Page 77 ---
77 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to the 
applicable “Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., 
(the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form and in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 2nd July, 2019 as supplemented by the supplemental agency agreement dated 10th, July 2020, the 
second supplemental agency agreement dated 30th March, 2021 and the third supplemental agency agreement 
dated 21st July, 2021 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) each made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent which expression shall include any 
successor exchange agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as euro registrar (the Euro Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor euro registrar) and as a transfer agent, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as U.S. registrar 
(the U.S. Registrar, which expression shall include any successor U.S. registrar and, together with the Euro 
Registrar, the Registrars) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplements these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2019/1129.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
78 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by English law, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the amended and restated deed of covenant 
dated 2nd July, 2019 and made by the Issuer (the Deed of Covenant). The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by Spanish law, the 
rights of the Noteholders to proceed directly against the Issuer in the relevant circumstances as provided in the 
case of English law governed Notes in the Deed of Covenant are provided for directly under the terms of the 
Global Notes. 
Copies of a deed poll dated 18th December, 2015 and made by the Issuer (the Deed Poll), the Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, each Registrar and the other Paying Agents and 
Transfer Agents (such Agents, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
the Registrars being together referred to as the Agents) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the 
Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency between these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. The term outstanding as used in these Conditions shall have the meaning given in the 
Agency Agreement. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denomination (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice-versa. 
Depending on the Status of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms, this Note may be either 
a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note. If this Note is specified as being a Senior Note, it may be a 
Senior Preferred Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, and if this Note is specified as being a 
Subordinated Note, it may be a Senior Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, in each case 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
79 
The Issuer may at any time take any step or other action and submit any application for (i) Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes to be included (in whole 
or in part) in the amount of eligible liabilities of the Issuer or the Group for the purposes of Article 45 
of the BRRD (as implemented in Spain and including any amendment or replacement of the relevant 
implementing provisions); and (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes to qualify (in whole or in part) as 
regulatory capital for capital adequacy purposes, in each case in compliance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
This Note may further be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or 
The Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of any amount in respect of such Notes and, in the case of DTC or its 
nominee, voting, giving consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Except in relation to Notes indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being in NGN form, references 
to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all

--- Page 80 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
80 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or 
to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form  
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole 
or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit 
such other certifications as may be required by, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being scheduled to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.  
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption  
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6(h), the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.  
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.  
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes  
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made:  
(i) 
upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of

--- Page 81 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
81 
which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the 
Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made:  
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A; or  
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or  
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States,  
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction.  
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a 
Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (i) 
beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be 
held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and 
(ii) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers.  
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes  
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:  
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the relevant Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor 
to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the 
case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC if such 
transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the 
interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or  
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note:  
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or  
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
relevant Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly 
executed IAI Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or  
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States,  
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 82 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
82 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the 
United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors 
through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the relevant Registrar will 
arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate 
Registered Global Note, where applicable.  
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal 
of the Legend, the relevant Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the 
Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may 
reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the 
Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the 
provisions of the Securities Act.  
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
Institutional Accredited Investor means “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), 
(3) or (7) under the Securities Act that are institutions); 
Legended Note means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited 
Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global 
Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which 
bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a Legend); 
QIB means a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States 
or to QIBs; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND WAIVED SET-OFF RIGHTS 
Each Noteholder (which for the purpose of this Condition 3 includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes or the Coupons), by its acquisition of the Notes, will be deemed to have 
irrevocably accepted the status of the Notes described below. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise of 
any power pursuant to Law 11/2015, RD 1012/2015, the SRM Regulation or other applicable laws 
relating to recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Spain (including, 
without limitation, the exercise and effect of any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the

--- Page 83 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
83 
Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority (each as defined, and the exercise and effect of which is 
further described, in Condition 20)).  
See “Risk Factors –  
Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes” 
and “Regulatory Framework – Resolution”. 
Any such exercise and its effect on the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, together with the 
remainder of this Condition 3 (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any such exercise, its effect and this Condition 3) shall in all circumstances be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law in accordance with Condition 19(b) 
below. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer, 
in accordance with and to the extent permitted by the Insolvency Law and other applicable laws 
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in Spain (including, without limitation, 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015), the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Notes with respect to claims for principal (which claims will constitute ordinary claims) will rank: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes: 
(A) 
junior to any (I) privileged claims (créditos privilegiados) (which shall include, 
among other claims, any claims in respect of deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) and (II) claims against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa); 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all other 
Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
senior to (I) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (II) all subordinated 
obligations of or claims against the Issuer (créditos subordinados), present and 
future; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(A) 
junior to any (I) privileged claims (créditos privilegiados) (which shall include, 
among other claims, any claims in respect of deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015), (II) claims against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa) and (III) Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all other 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
senior to all subordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer (créditos 
subordinados), present and future, 
such that any claim for principal in respect of the Senior Notes will be satisfied, as appropriate, only 
to the extent that all claims ranking senior to it have first been satisfied in full and then pro rata with 
any claims ranking pari passu with it, in each case as provided above.

--- Page 84 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
84 
Pursuant to article 152 of the Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from 
the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims in respect of interest on the Senior 
Notes (including with respect to any relative Coupon) expressly or implicitly accrued but unpaid as of 
the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated 
claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, junior to claims on account of principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer not constituting Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.3.1º of Law 11/2015, unless 
otherwise provided by the Insolvency Law). See “Risk Factors – Claims of Holders under the Senior 
Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors and claims of Holders under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are further junior to those of other senior creditors” and “Regulatory 
Framework – Resolution”.  
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer, 
in accordance with and to the extent permitted by the Insolvency Law and other applicable laws 
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in Spain (including, without limitation, 
Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015), the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes with respect to claims for principal, will rank: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
junior to any unsubordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer (including 
where the relevant obligations subsequently become subordinated pursuant to article 
281.1.1º of the Insolvency Law); 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all claims 
for principal in respect of other contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, not constituting Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.3.1º of Law 11/2015; and 
(C) 
senior to any other subordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer (créditos 
subordinados) which by law rank junior to the obligations of or claims against the 
Issuer for principal in respect of Senior Subordinated Notes, including, without 
limitation, any claim in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
under any outstanding Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments, present 
and future; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes constitute a Tier 2 Instrument of the Issuer: 
(A) 
junior to (I) any unsubordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer (including 
where the relevant obligations subsequently become subordinated pursuant to article 
281.1.1º of the Insolvency Law), (II) any claim in respect of Senior Subordinated 
Notes and (III) any claim in respect of other contractually subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future, not constituting Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.3.1º of Law 11/2015; 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all claims 
for principal in respect of other contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
under any outstanding Tier 2 Instruments, present and future; and 
(C) 
senior to any other subordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer (créditos 
subordinados) which by law rank junior to the obligations of or claims against the

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
85 
Issuer in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, including, without limitation, any 
claim in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer under any 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Instruments, present and future, 
such that any relevant claim in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be satisfied, as appropriate, 
only to the extent that all claims ranking senior to it have first been satisfied in full and then pro rata 
with any claims ranking pari passu with it, in each case as provided above.  
To the extent the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes cease to constitute a Tier 2 Instrument of the Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will rank as if the Notes were 
Senior Subordinated Notes. 
Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, all claims arising from Tier 2 Instruments 
(which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), even if they are only partly 
recognised as Tier 2 Instruments will rank behind any other subordinated claims included under 
article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and will be paid after them. 
Pursuant to article 152 of the Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from 
the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims in respect of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes (including with respect to any relative Coupon) expressly or implicitly accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 
281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law, which in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must read in 
conjunction with the Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015. 
(c) 
Waived Set-Off Rights 
No holder of any Notes may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any 
right, claim or liability of the Issuer or that the Issuer may have or acquire against such holder, 
directly or indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such rights, claims and liabilities 
arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any kind or any non-
contractual obligation, whether or not relating to such Note) and each holder of any Note shall be 
deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any amount payable by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, any 
Note to any holder of such Note is discharged by set-off or any netting, such holder shall, subject to 
applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, 
until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer 
and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
Nothing in this Condition 3(c) is intended to provide, or shall be construed as acknowledging, any 
Waived Set-Off Rights or that any such Waived Set-Off Right is or would be available to any holder 
of any Note but for this Condition 3(c). 
(d) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided 
under Applicable Banking Regulations; 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer 
constituting an Additional Tier 1 instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
86 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD V, the BRRD, 
the SRM Regulation and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to 
capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in effect in Spain (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15th May, 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof, as partially implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015, 
as amended or replaced from time to time, including as amended by Directive 2019/879/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the European Council of 20th May, 2019, and including any other 
relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
CRD V means any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR, and any CRD Implementing 
Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th 
June, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time, including as amended by 
Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Commission Parliament and of the European Council of 20th 
May, 2019; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing or developing the 
CRD Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, 
the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on 
a standalone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis), including, without limitation, Law 
10/2014, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines 
implementing Law 10/2014; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th 
June, 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, including as amended by CRR II; 
CRR II means Regulation (EU) No. 876/2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th 
May, 2019 amending, among other things, the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
Group means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
Insolvency Law means the restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 
1/2020, of 5th May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time; 
Law 10/2014 means Law 10/2014 of 26th June on the organisation, supervision and solvency of 
credit entities (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de 
crédito), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, including as amended by Royal 
Decree Law 7/2021 of 27th April on the transposition of European Union directives in matters of 
credit institutions, among others;

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
87 
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015 of 18th June on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de 
crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to 
time, including as amended by Royal Decree Law 7/2021 of 27th April on the transposition of 
European Union directives in matters of credit institutions, among others;  
ordinary claims means the class of claims with respect to unsecured, non-privileged and 
unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer which, upon the insolvency (concurso 
de acreedores) of the Issuer and pursuant to Articles 269, 433 and 435 of the Insolvency Law, rank (i) 
junior to privileged claims (créditos privilegiados) (which shall include, among other claims, any 
claims in respect of deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 and any 
secured claims), and claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and (ii) senior to 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados); 
RD 1012/2015 means Royal Decree 1012/2015 of 6th November by virtue of which Law 11/2015 is 
developed and Royal Decree 2606/1996 of 20th December on credit entities’ deposit guarantee fund 
is amended (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 
18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de 
inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de 
garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to 
time;  
Regulator means the European Central Bank, Banco de España or the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority, as applicable, or such other or successor authority having primary bank supervisory 
authority with respect to prudential or resolution matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority means the Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring (Fondo de 
Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria), the Single Resolution Mechanism, the Bank of Spain, the 
Spanish Securities Market Commission or any other entity with the authority to exercise any the 
resolution tools and powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation from time to time;  
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means the obligations of the Issuer with respect to (i) the 
payment of principal under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (ii) all other ordinary claims, present 
and future, which, upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer are expressed to rank 
within the ordinary claims but junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; 
Senior Preferred Obligations means the obligations of the Issuer with respect to (i) the payment of 
principal under the Senior Preferred Notes and (ii) all other ordinary claims, present and future, other 
than Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council 
of 15th July, 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and 
the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced 
from time to time, including as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 877/2019 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019; 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
Tier 2 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer constituting a Tier 2 
instrument (instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations; 
and

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
88 
Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights or claims of any holder of a Note against the Issuer 
for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly 
under or in connection with any Note. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.  
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.  
For the purposes of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with this Condition 4(a), 
Day Count Fraction means:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
89 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year;  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(iii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;  
(iv) 
if “30/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the interest period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
interest period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the 
last day of the interest period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and  
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and  
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest from (and including): 
(i) 
the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the Initial Interest Rate; and 
(ii) 
the Reset Date to (but excluding) either (A) the Maturity Date or (B) if applicable, the first 
Subsequent Reset Date and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (each

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
90 
period in (A) and (B) a Reset Period), in each case at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 
4(b) as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period 
shall otherwise be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b). Once the Rate of Interest is determined 
for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 4(a) shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions, with respect to any Fixed Reset Notes: 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as the case may be; 
Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset 
Period (which rate if not calculated on the basis of a Reset Reference Rate with the same frequency of 
payments, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a rate with the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Reset Notes or, if market convention is 
for the Reset Reference Rate first to be so converted, the Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of 
determining the Reset Rate shall be the Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any further such 
conversion); and 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Mid-Swap Rate: 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as the case 
may be, and the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset Date, the rate 
for the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest 
Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as 
the case may be, will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of 
displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent 
maturity to the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset 
Date, as the case may be, and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
91 
in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would 
apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the 
Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, 
as the case may be, and the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset 
Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided 
by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date. The Principal Paying Agent, with the assistance of the 
Issuer if required will request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date or relevant 
Subsequent Reset Date, as the case may be, will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. 
If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate. 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Reset Reference Bond Rate, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Reset Determination Time means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Frankfurt, Germany) on such Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) (a Relevant Government Bond) selected by the Issuer 
as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with such Reset Period and that (in 
the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Price means, in respect of any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic 
average of the Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations; provided, however, that (A) if fewer than five but more than one Reset Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the Reset Reference Bond Price shall be equal to 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (B) if only one Reset Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received, the Reset Reference Bond Price shall be equal to such quotation, or 
(C) if no Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the Reset Reference 
Bond Price will be the Reset Reference Bond Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if 
none, the Initial Reference Rate; 
Reset Reference Rate means, in relation to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to the yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference 
Bond Price for the relevant Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Government Bond Dealers means five banks or other financial institutions that are 
(A) primary dealers in Relevant Government Bonds, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues denominated in the Specified Currency, in each case as selected by the Issuer and notified in 
writing to the Principal Paying Agent; and

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
92 
Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reset 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) as at or around the Reset Determination Time on 
such Reset Determination Date, and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily 
used for such Reset Reference Bond at such time, quoted in writing to the Issuer by such Reset 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the CMT Rate, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Business Day means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in Condition 
4(c)(ii)(D)(C)); 
H.15 means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published by 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15  
or any successor site or publication; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Reference Bond Quotation means, with respect to each Reset Reference Bank and any Reset 
Determination Date, the rate of the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity 
based on the secondary market bid price of the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security as determined 
by the Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Business Day 
following such Reset Determination Date;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and any Reset Determination 
Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined on the basis of the Reference Bond 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Principal Paying Agent at approximately the 
Reset Determination Time on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond 
Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the last observable Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for a period of maturity which 
is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the 
caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page.   
Reset Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks which are primary U.S. Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues determined in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York’s website at at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.  
Reset Reference Rate means in relation to any Reset Determination Date: 
(i) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at 
"constant maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of 
the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
93 
maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the 
Relevant Screen Page;  
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published on the Relevant Screen Page 
on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for 
U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" having a period to maturity which is equal or 
comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption 
"Treasury constant maturities (nominal)" on such Reset Determination Date; or  
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above nor the yield referred to in paragraph 
(B) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
U.S. Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount basis. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:  
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or  
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
I. 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
94 
II. 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
III. 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
IV. 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In these Conditions, Business Day means:  
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 
System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;   
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(C) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (II) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which:  
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
95 
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
IV. 
the definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback 
Observation Day” means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to 
which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five 
Business Days preceding the related Payment Date.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:  
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)I, 
no rate or offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)II, fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent be with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
96 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer is suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period plus or minus the 
Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined 
and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1





−
 
 
where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexx is the SONIA Compounded Index for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
97 
SONIA Compounded Indexy is the SONIA Compounded Index for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of such 
Interest Period (but which by its definition is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index required to 
determine SONIA Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded 
Indexy does not appear on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source, at the Specified Time 
on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time 
or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication of the SONIA Compounded Index in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or relevant authorised 
distributors, as the case may be), Compounded Daily SONIA for 
such Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be 
Compounded Daily SONIA determined in accordance with 
paragraph (II) below and for these purposes the “Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be Shift; or 
II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4(c)(ii)(C) 
applies to such Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 
4(c)(ii)(C)(I) above, the rate determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
 - i
365
1
365
1
1
×








−






+
∏
=
×
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms Lag is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation 
Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable 
Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms Shift 
is specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, an 
including, the first London Banking Day in (where in the applicable 
Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;

--- Page 98 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
98 
ni, for any London Banking Day i, is the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day i up to (but 
excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day 
i falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the London Banking Day falling p London Banking 
Days prior to such day; or  
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, SONIAi-pLBD shall be replaced in the 
above formula with SONIAi, where SONIAi means, in respect 
of any London Banking Day i falling in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period). 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)(C): 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, 
the compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as 
published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source, at the Specified Time on such London Banking Day;

--- Page 99 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
99 
SONIA Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4D below, if applicable) the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, then the SONIA Reference Rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying

--- Page 100 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
100 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR 
IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or by 3:00 pm New York City 
time on the immediately following US Government Securities 
Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such 
Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii)(D)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4(c)(ii)(D)(II) 
applies to such Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 
4(c)(ii)(D)(I) above, the rate determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological

--- Page 101 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
101 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (“i+1”); and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used 
pursuant to paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in 
connection with determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
(I) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall also determine the 
method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part 
of a particular information service on or source from which such rate 
appears or is obtained (the Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which 
such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the 
Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on which such rate will 
appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the Relevant Date), and 
(iv) any alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at 
the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable Relevant Date), which 
method shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified 
Time shall be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified 
Time; 
(III) if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that (i) 
changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate 
or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition this 
Condition 4(c)(ii), are necessary in order to implement the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (including any alternative method described 
in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) above) as the SOFR Benchmark 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary), the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall agree 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders to 
the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement in order to provide for the amendment of such definitions or 
other provisions to reflect such changes; and

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
102 
(IV) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the details 
described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (III) above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)(D): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same 
length (disregarding any applicable Business Day Convention) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
would be applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the daily secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
then "SOFR Benchmark" means the applicable SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement;

--- Page 103 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
103 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below 
that can be determined by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided 
that, (i) if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that 
there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, 
it shall select such rate of interest that it has determined is most 
comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero, that has been selected by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of determining the SOFR 
Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be consistent with any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been 
appointed by the Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be 
made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described herein that may

--- Page 104 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
104 
be made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so 
long as such person is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person 
with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such 
calculations and determinations; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in 
respect of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified Time for 
such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark is no longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the

--- Page 105 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
105 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Index value means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such value appears on the by the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day appearing on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
does not appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
or 
(3) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on 
the Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the 
"Affected Day"), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the Relevant Source at 
the Specified Time on the Relevant Date. 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 106 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
106 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 4(c)(ii), in the event 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its 
sole discretion, to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with 
any determination to be made by the Benchmark Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 4(c)(ii), the Bank shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the 
purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(ii) shall 
act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no 
relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders and (in the absence of 
fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Benchmark Calculation Agent 
or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent in connection with any determination made by the 
Benchmark Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(ii) or otherwise 
in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent 
Adviser as to the occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and/or the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, a written 
determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and 
(in the absence of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall 
have no liability whatsoever to any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation 
to that matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise 
in connection with the Notes. 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(ii), including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
107 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented (i) by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in Definitive Form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
For the purposes of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this Condition 
4(c), Day Count Fraction means: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365);  
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
108 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
109 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.  
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(v), Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
110 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London.  
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(c) or Condition 4(d), whether by the Principal Paying Agent or if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent or if applicable, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent or the Benchmark Calculation Agent, as the case may be, in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. The Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Calculation Agent, as the case may be 
(if applicable and in the case of Condition 4(d)) is acting solely as an agent of the Issuer (if it 
is an entity other than the Issuer), and the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be (acting in such capacity) does not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, nor have any liability whatsoever to, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to the application of the 
provisions of this Condition 4(d). Without any requirement for any further consent or approval of the 
Noteholders (whether pursuant to Condition 14 or otherwise) and notwithstanding the provisions in 
Conditions 4(b) or 4(c) above, as the case may be, (in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily 
SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 4(d) shall not apply) if the Issuer or the 
Benchmark Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer, where the Benchmark Calculation 
Agent is a party other than the Issuer, or, if the Benchmark Calculation Agent deems it appropriate, an 
Independent Adviser) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4(d) 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Benchmark Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its sole discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(d)); or

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
111 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(d)).  
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Benchmark Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its sole discretion that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), then the Benchmark Calculation Agent shall, if necessary, calculate such Adjustment 
Spread and apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d) and the Benchmark Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its sole discretion 
(A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Benchmark Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whether pursuant to Condition 14 or otherwise), agree to the 
necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
4(d), no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any 
other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the 
Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as 
Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of Article 45 of the BRRD, in each case of 
the Issuer or the Group, as applicable. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Calculation Agent and any Independent Adviser 
In the event the Benchmark Calculation Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, 
to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be made by 
the Benchmark Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 4(d), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(d) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or trust with the 
Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
112 
or for any advice given to the Benchmark Calculation Agent in connection with any 
determination made by the Benchmark Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 4(d) or 
otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the Benchmark Calculation Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as to the 
occurrence of any Benchmark Event and/or whether there is a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to 
the quantum of, or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread 
and/or whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of 
any such Benchmark Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in 
respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest 
error, and (in the absence of fraud) the Benchmark Calculation Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to any Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to 
be done, in relation to that matter in accordance with any such written determination or 
otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
(v) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(d) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Benchmark Calculation Agent and the Issuer under 
this Condition 4(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 4(b) and 4(c)(ii)(B) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will 
continue to apply unless and until the Benchmark Calculation Agent has determined the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Condition 4(d). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(d), the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate if no such spread, formula or methodology is formally 
recommended or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate,  
or if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines there is

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
113 
no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Benchmark Calculation Agent, following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines in its sole discretion: 
(A) 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Calculation Agent so determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged, to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far 
as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
and in either such case, which the Benchmark Calculation Agent, following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is required to be so applied; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 4(d) is used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period or reset period, as applicable, and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Calculation Agent means the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes unless 
(i) where such party is a party other than the Issuer, that party fails to perform or notifies the 
Issuer that it is unable to perform any of its duties or obligations as Benchmark Calculation 
Agent under this Condition 4(d) or (ii) where such party is the Issuer, the Issuer determines in 
its sole discretion to appoint another party as Benchmark Calculation Agent, in which case for 
each of (i) and (ii) above, the Benchmark Calculation Agent shall be such other party as is 
appointed by the Issuer to act as Benchmark Calculation Agent, which party may, in the case 
of (i) above, include the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer and shall be a leading bank or 
financial institution, or another party of recognised standing and with appropriate expertise to 
make the determinations and/or calculations to be made by the Benchmark Calculation Agent; 
Benchmark Event means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five business days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered;  
(B) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative 
or will no longer be representative, or that its use is subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or, where such discontinuation, prohibition, restrictions or adverse 
consequences are to apply from a specified date after the making of any public

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
114 
statement to such effect, the later of the date of the making of such public statement 
and the date falling six months prior to such specified date; or 
(D) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (including as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Notes (provided that if, following 
one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in 
respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case 
may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
115 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or to such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter.  
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
116 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note 
either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the 
Registered Notes maintained by the relevant Registrar (the Register) at the close of business on the 
third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the 
principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated 
Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of 
Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified 
as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency 
other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at 
his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to 
the specified office of the relevant Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in 
respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all 
future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes 
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
117 
relevant Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in 
respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the 
principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the relevant Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.  
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer 
by the U.S. Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars unless the participant in 
DTC with an interest in the Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified 
Currency, in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests.  
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person other than the holder of the 
relevant Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due in respect 
of such Global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if:  
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.  
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
118 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:  
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is required); and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open;  
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; and  
(iv) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City.  
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(g)); 
and  
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.  
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7.  
(h) 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event, as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes 
may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency converted using the 
Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
119 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms:  
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Madrid, Hong Kong, 
London and New York City;  
Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date of 
the relevant payment under the Notes;  
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong;  
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility;  
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment under the Notes, as 
determined by the Issuer in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation by such Issuer 
with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange 
market in Hong Kong;  
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation);  
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); and  
Spot Rate means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot CNY/U.S. dollar 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by 
the RMB Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on 
a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, 
on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the RMB Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available 
information which the RMB Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
120 
obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the 
CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market.  
(i) 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and 
regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s)).  
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Senior Preferred Notes will have a maturity of more than one month. 
Zero Coupon Notes will not have a maturity of more than 12 months. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and, if intended to qualify as eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer or the Group for the purposes of Article 45 of the BRRD, Senior Preferred 
Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year from their date of effective disbursement or 
such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations for their qualification as regulatory capital for capital 
adequacy purposes.  
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons  
Subject to Condition 6(g), the Issuer may, subject to such redemption being in compliance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and subject to the prior consent of the Regulator if 
required pursuant to such regulations, redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
some only of the Notes then outstanding at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 90 days’ prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Spain (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or binding 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recent Tranche of the Notes:  
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts, as provided or referred to in Condition 7; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in Spain 
in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next 
payment due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be reduced; 
or

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
121 
(iii) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which (A) the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due, (B) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim such deduction or the amount of 
such deduction would be reduced or (C) such tax treatment on the Notes would be affected.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts or, as the case may be, will not be entitled to claim such deduction or the amount of such 
deduction would be reduced or, as the case may be, the applicable tax treatment of the Notes has been 
or will be affected, in each case as a result of such change or amendment and a copy of the 
Regulator’s consent to redemption (if required). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)  
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
such redemption being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and subject 
to the prior consent of the Regulator if required pursuant to such regulations, having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event) 
This Condition shall not apply to any Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for so long as such Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are included in, or count towards, the Group’s or the Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital.  
If, on or after the Issue Date, and other than in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Eligible 
Liabilities Event has been specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an Eligible 
Liabilities Event occurs, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, subject to such redemption being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations then in 
force, and subject to the prior consent of the Regulator if required pursuant to such regulations, at any 
time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 90 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
In these Conditions: 
Eligible Liabilities Event means:

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
122 
(i) 
in the case of MREL Eligible Notes, a change (or any pending change which the Regulator 
considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
official application or interpretation thereof, that results (or is likely to result) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes where Additional Events of 
Default has been specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Notes not being (or ceasing to be) fully eligible for inclusion in the amount 
of eligible liabilities of the Issuer or the Group (the Eligible Liabilities Amount) for 
the purposes of Article 45 of the BRRD or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
other regulations applicable in Spain from time to time; or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Additional Events of Default has been 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Notes not 
meeting the eligibility criteria for their inclusion in the Eligible Liabilities Amount, 
except for any requirement in relation to the ranking of such Senior Preferred Notes 
upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer and subject to any 
limitation on the amount of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the 
Eligible Liabilities Amount, in each case under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(or any other regulations applicable in Spain from time to time) effective on the Issue 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Additional Events of Default has been specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a change (or any pending change which the 
Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or 
in any official application or interpretation thereof after CRR II has come into force, that 
results (or is likely to result) in the relevant Notes not meeting the eligibility criteria for their 
inclusion in the Eligible Liabilities Amount, except for any requirement in relation to the 
ranking of such Senior Preferred Notes upon the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the 
Issuer and subject to any limitation on the amount of such notes that may be eligible for 
inclusion in the Eligible Liabilities Amount, in each case under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (or any other regulations applicable in Spain from time to time) effective on the 
Issue Date;  
provided that an Eligible Liabilities Event shall not occur where such ineligibility for inclusion of 
such Notes in the Eligible Liabilities Amount is due to the remaining maturity of those Notes being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (or any other regulations applicable in Spain from time to time) effective on (1) the Issue 
Date, in the case of (i) above and (2) the date on which CRR II comes into force in Spain, in the case 
of (ii) above; and  
MREL Eligible Notes means Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes where Additional Events of 
Default has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If, on or after the Issue Date and in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event 
occurs, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, subject to such redemption being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations then in 
force, and subject to the prior consent of the Regulator if required pursuant to such regulations, at any 
time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 90 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(e) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
123 
Capital Event means a change (or any pending change which the Regulator considers sufficiently 
certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations that results (or is likely to result) in any of 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes ceasing to be 
included in, or counting towards, the Group’s or the Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole or in part, such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. No such 
redemption option will be applicable to any Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, except as permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Note the holder of such Note must if such Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the relevant Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed. If a Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by 
such Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that such Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If a Note is represented by a global 
Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the 
right to require redemption of such Note the holder of such Note must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time, and, if such Note is a Bearer Note represented by a global Note, the terms of which 
require presentation for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly.  
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(f) 
shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 9.  
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b), (d) and (e) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount, being an amount 
(the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP × (1+AY)y

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
124 
where:  
RP means the Reference Price;  
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365.  
(h) 
Partial redemption of Notes 
In the event of any redemption of some only of the Notes pursuant to Conditions 6(b) or 6(c) above, 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of any partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed 
Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note, in accordance with applicable law, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (or such lesser period specified in the applicable Final Terms) (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or such lesser period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (h) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise (subject to such purchase being in compliance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force, and subject to the prior consent of the Regulator if required 
pursuant to such regulations). Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation (subject to such holding, 
reissue, resale or cancellation being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations). 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed and all Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(i) above 
that are to be cancelled will be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
125 
redemption) and forthwith cancelled by the Principal Paying Agent. Notes which are cancelled in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j) cannot be reissued or resold.  
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that 
any withholding or deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax (Spain) in respect of 
payments of interest only, in the case of MREL Eligible Notes, and principal and interest, in the case 
of all other Notes, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of interest only, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and 
principal and interest, in the case of all other Notes, which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Spain other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Day (as defined in Condition 5(f)); or 
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration concerning the nationality, residence or 
identity of the holder (or providing information, documentation or other evidence of the 
same) or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority or to (or on behalf of) 
the Issuer, where such declaration or claim is required or imposed by the Spanish Tax 
Authorities; or 
(d) 
to or to a third party on behalf of a holder if the Issuer does not receive any relevant 
information as may be required by Spanish tax law, regulation or binding ruling, including a 
duly executed and completed certificate from the Paying Agent issued in accordance with 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27th July; or 
(e) 
in case of Notes where such withholding tax is imposed on payments made to individuals 
with tax residence in Spain following the criteria held by the Spanish Tax Authorities in

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
126 
relation to Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27th July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29th July. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
In these Conditions, the Relevant Date, in respect of any payment, means the date on which such 
payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
See “Taxation” for a fuller description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes, the 
formalities which must be followed in order to claim exemption from withholding tax and for a 
description of certain disclosure requirements imposed on the Issuer. Holders should note that if 
certain required information is not supplied in a timely fashion, they will not receive the full 
amount of interest due but may be entitled to obtain a refund of amounts withheld. See “Taxation”. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
In the case of Notes governed by English law, claims for payment in respect of Notes (whether in 
bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) therefore. In the case of Notes governed by Spanish law, claims for payment in respect 
of Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) will become void unless made within a period of three 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefore. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b).  
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimiento 
concursal) against the Issuer or an order is made or a resolution is passed for the liquidation or 
winding up of the Issuer (except (i) in any such case for the purpose of a reconstruction or a merger or 
amalgamation which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation is a Financial Institution (Entidad 
de Crédito according to article 1 of Law 10/2014) and will have a rating for long-term senior or 
subordinated debt, as applicable, assigned by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services or Moody’s 
Investors Services equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term senior or subordinated debt, 
respectively, of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation) (each 
an Event of Default), and such Event of Default is continuing, then the holder of any Note may 
declare such Note by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon receipt thereof by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the 
same shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment. 
(b) 
Additional Events of Default

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
127 
This Condition 9(b) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
If any of the following events (together with the Events of Default referred to in Condition 9(a) above, 
each an Event of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
a default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal due in respect of any 
of the Notes or 30 days or more in the payment of any interest due in respect of any of the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
a default is made in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under the 
provisions of the Notes and such default continues for more than 60 days following service by 
a Noteholder on the Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, or any order 
of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is passed by 
the Issuer to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the 
appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in 
relation to the Issuer or substantially all of its assets (unless in the case of an order for a 
temporary appointment, such appointment is discharged within 60 days); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer (except (A) for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction (i) 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such 
reconstruction or merger or amalgamation will have a rating for long term senior debt 
assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Moody's Investor Services equivalent to or 
higher than the rating for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such 
reconstruction or merger or amalgamation, or (B) where the Issuer otherwise continues to 
carry on the relevant business whether directly or indirectly) ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business; or  
(v) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and is not discharged within 
60 days, 
then the holder of any Note may declare such Note by written notice to the Issuer at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, (in 
the case of paragraph (iii), (iv) and (v) above, only if then permitted by applicable Spanish Law) to be 
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment.  
(c) 
SDG Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the Notes are stated to be “Green”, “Social” or “Sustainability” Notes 
in “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms and it is stated that the proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes are intended to be used for “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes 
as described in the “Use of Proceeds” section (the SDG Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure) in the 
Offering Circular dated 21st July, 2021 (SDG Notes), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim 
against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such SDG 
Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such SDG Notes not being used, any report, assessment, 
opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any other step or action not being taken, in 
each case as set out and described in the SDG Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9:

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
128 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things: (i) that any claim not included in the company’s 
accounts or otherwise reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency may not be recognised within the 
insolvency proceedings or may become subordinated, (ii) that provisions in contracts granting one 
party the right to terminate on the other’s insolvency are void and (iii) for the further accrual of 
interest to be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency.  
Noteholders may also not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the 
adoption of any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation. See “Risk Factors –Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution – Noteholders 
may not be able to exercise their rights on an Event of Default in the event of the adoption of any 
early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS  
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a 
Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of such other stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S.  
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in New York City.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Agents will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13.  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent.  
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
129 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8.  
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a manner which complies with those 
rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing 
the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes except that for so long as any Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or admitted to listing by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a manner which complies 
with those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
the third day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
relevant Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, 
may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
(a) 
Convening of Meetings, Quorum, Adjourned Meetings 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a 
meeting of the Noteholders and, if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the 
meeting, the meeting may be convened by the relevant Noteholders. Whenever the Issuer is 
about to convene any meeting it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Dealers of the day, time and place of the meeting (which need not be a 
physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
130 
videoconference platform) and of the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting.  
Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given 
to the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 13. The notice, which shall be in the 
English language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be transacted at the 
meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall either (i) specify the terms 
of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed or (ii) inform Noteholders that the terms of the 
Extraordinary Resolution are available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, 
provided that, in the case of (ii) such resolution is so available in its final form with effect on 
and from the date on which the notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. The 
notice shall (i) include statements as to the manner in which Noteholders are entitled to attend 
and vote at the meeting or (ii) inform Noteholders that details of the voting arrangements are 
available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, provided that, in the case of (ii), the 
final form of such details are so available with effect on and from the date on which the notice 
convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to the 
Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
(iii) 
The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall 
be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made or if at any meeting 
the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the 
meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be Chairman failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not 
be the same person as was Chairman of the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(iv) 
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form a 
quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a 
Chairman in accordance with Condition 14(a)(iii) above) shall be transacted at any meeting 
unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of business. The quorum at any 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or 
more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any 
meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (each of which shall only 
be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date (if any) of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of 
the nominal amount payable at maturity;  
(B) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in respect of the Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes;  
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(E) 
modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(F) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 14(b)(viii)(E) 
below; or 
(G) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to Condition 14(a)(v) below,

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
131 
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(v) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened by Noteholders, be 
dissolved. In any other case it shall be adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if that 
day is a public holiday the next following business day) at the same time and place (except in 
the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days 
and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Principal Paying Agent). If 
within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction 
of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the 
business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either dissolve the meeting 
or adjourn it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days (but without any maximum 
number of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after 
the adjourned meeting) and approved by the Principal Paying Agent, and the provisions of 
this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(vi) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a 
quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been 
dealt with at the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum 
been present provided that at any adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the 
matters specified in the proviso to Condition 14(a)(iv) above the quorum shall be one or more 
Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the relevant Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(vii) 
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be submitted 
shall be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if 10 were 
substituted for 21 in Condition 14(a)(ii) above and the notice shall state the relevant quorum.  
Subject to this it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
(b) 
Conduct of Business at Meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairman shall both on a show of hands and 
on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be 
entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairman or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present (whatever 
the nominal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution 
has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular 
majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of 
the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 14(b)(v), if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairman may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand

--- Page 132 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
132 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) 
have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(vi) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of 
outstanding in Condition 14(c) below, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall 
any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or join with others in 
requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. No person shall be 
entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer. Nothing contained in this Condition 14(b)(vi) shall 
prevent a director, officer or representative of or otherwise connected with the Issuer from 
being duly appointed as a proxy or representative of the Noteholders. 
(vii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 14(b)(vi) above, at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each:  
I. 
€1.00; and 
II. 
in the case of a meeting of the holders of Notes denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent of €1.00 in that currency (calculated as 
specified in Condition 14(b)(xiv) below), 
or such other amount as the Principal Paying Agent shall in its absolute discretion 
specify in nominal amount of the relevant Notes in respect of which he is an Eligible 
Person. 
Without prejudice to any duly appointed proxies, any person entitled to more than one vote 
need not use all his votes or cast all the votes to which he is entitled in the same way. 
(viii) 
The duly appointed proxies or representatives of Noteholders do not need to be Noteholders 
themselves.  
(ix) 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
quorum contained in Conditions 14(a)(iv) and 14(a)(vi) above), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders and Couponholders or any of them; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Noteholders and Couponholders against the Issuer or 
against any of its property whether these rights arise under the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes or the Coupons or otherwise;

--- Page 133 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
133 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency 
Agreement, these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Deed of Covenants 
which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this Condition 
14 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, 
shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations 
and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or 
into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as stated above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
(G) 
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons. 
(x) 
Any resolution (i) passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held (ii) passed 
as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way of electronic consents given by Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s), shall be binding upon all the Noteholders whether 
present or not present at the meeting referred to in (i) above and whether or not voting and 
upon all Couponholders and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution 
accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the 
circumstances justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly 
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 13 by the 
Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
(xi) 
The expression Extraordinary Resolution when used in this Condition 14 means (a) a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 14 by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll; (b) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders; or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents 
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.  
(xii) 
Subject to Condition 14(b)(i) above, to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 14, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution 
upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on the 
poll. 
(xiii) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered in 
books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes signed 
by the Chairman of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings had shall

--- Page 134 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
134 
be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary is proved, 
every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall be 
deemed to have been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had at 
the meeting to have been duly passed or had. 
(xiv) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on 
which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(xv) 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Notes which are not denominated in euro, the 
nominal amount of such Notes shall: 
(A) 
for the purposes of Condition 14(a)(ii) above, be the equivalent in euro at the spot 
rate of a bank nominated by the Principal Paying Agent for the conversion of the 
relevant currency or currencies into euro on the seventh dealing day before the day on 
which the written requirement to call the meeting is received by the Issuer; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of Conditions 14(a)(iv), 14(a)(vi) and 14(a)(vii) above (whether in 
respect of the meeting or any adjourned meeting or any poll), be the equivalent at that 
spot rate on the seventh dealing day before the day of the meeting, 
and, in all cases, the equivalent in euro of Zero Coupon Notes or any other Notes 
issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated by reference to the original 
nominal amount of those Notes. 
In the circumstances set out above, on any poll each person present shall have one 
vote for each euro 1.00 in nominal amount of the Notes (converted as above) which 
he holds or represents. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, 
(i) 
Eligible Person means those persons entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
Noteholders as stated in the relevant notice of meeting or pursuant to the relevant voting 
arrangements details of which are available from the Principal Paying Agent, in each case in 
accordance with Condition 14(a)(ii) above (being the relevant Noteholders or duly appointed 
proxies or representatives of such Noteholders); 
(ii) 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; and 
(iii) 
a relevant clearing system means, in respect of any Notes represented by a Global Note, any 
clearing system on behalf of which the Global Note is held or which is the bearer or (directly 
or through a nominee) registered owner of the Global Note, in each case whether alone or 
jointly with any other clearing system(s). 
15. 
MODIFICATION AND WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION  
(a) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these purposes includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will be deemed to have expressly 
consented to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement pursuant to this 
Condition 15(a). Without any requirement for any further consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whether pursuant to Condition 14 or otherwise) and without limiting and 
notwithstanding Condition 15(b), the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree to:

--- Page 135 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
135 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or  
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall, unless notified prior to the relevant modification, be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to any substitution or 
modification of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15(b). Without any requirement for any further 
consent or approval of the Noteholders (whether pursuant to Condition 14 or otherwise) and without 
limiting and notwithstanding Condition 15(a) above, if an Eligible Liabilities Event, other than in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes where Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, or a Capital Event, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes, provided that any variation in the terms of the Notes resulting from such substitution or 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, so that the Notes are 
substituted for, or the terms and conditions of the Notes are varied to become again or remain, 
Qualifying Notes, at any time on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date for such substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to 
the prior consent of the Regulator if required pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set 
out in Condition 3 resulting from any such substitution or modification shall be deemed not to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders where the ranking of such Notes following such 
substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes under Condition 
3 on the Issue Date of such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Notes governed by English law 
pursuant to Condition 19 below, any change in the governing law of such Notes from English law to 
Spanish law so that the Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes shall be deemed not to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to 
the Noteholders. 
Noteholders (which for the purpose of this Condition 15(b) includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) shall, by virtue of purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to accept any 
substitution or variation of the terms pursuant to this Condition 15(b) and to grant to the Issuer full 
power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or 
on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete any such substitution or 
variation. 
In these Conditions: 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London; and 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
issued directly by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by a 
duly authorised signatory of the Issuer to that effect to the Principal Paying Agent not less than five

--- Page 136 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
136 
London Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue date of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the date 
such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements (i) for inclusion in the 
Eligible Liabilities Amount and/or (ii) to be included in, or count towards, the Group’s or the 
Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital, as applicable; 
(b) 
have at least the same ranking as is applicable to the Notes under Condition 3 on the Issue 
Date of such Notes; 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount, the same rate of 
interest and terms for the determination of any applicable rate of interest, the same date of 
maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the relevant Notes immediately prior to 
any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 15(b); and 
(d) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 15(b). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.  
17. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(i) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to any 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 17. Without any requirement for any 
further consent or approval of the Noteholders (whether pursuant to Condition 14 or 
otherwise), the Issuer may, but subject to such substitution being in compliance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and subject the prior consent of the Regulator 
if required pursuant to such regulations, be replaced and substituted by another company 
incorporated anywhere in the world as the principal debtor (in such capacity, the Substituted 
Debtor) in respect of the Notes provided that:  
(A) 
a deed poll or a substitution deed executed before a Spanish public Notary, as 
applicable and/or such other applicable documents (if any) shall be executed by the 
Issuer and the Substituted Debtor as may be necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution (together, the Documents) and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Notes and the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute);  
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of Condition 17(i)(A), where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other 
than Spain, the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and/or 
such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the 
benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 7 with the

--- Page 137 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
137 
substitution for the references to Spain of references to the territory in which the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes;  
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents for such substitution, that the Substituted Debtor has obtained 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by it of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and effect;  
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange;  
(E) 
the Issuer shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer and the 
Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of incorporation of 
the Substituted Debtor, to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion(s) to be dated not more 
than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the 
Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Registrar;  
(F) 
the Issuer shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer and the 
Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of, in the case of Notes specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being governed by English law, English lawyers and in the 
case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by Spanish 
law, Spanish lawyers, to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the parties thereto under English law or Spanish law, as 
applicable, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection 
by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant 
Registrar;  
(G) 
in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by 
English law, the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed a process agent in England 
to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the Documents; 
(H) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Notes; 
(I) 
any credit rating assigned to the Notes will remain the same or be improved when the 
Substituted Debtor replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Notes; and 
(J) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under Spanish 
law. 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in Condition 17(i) above, the Substituted 
Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
(or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents 
shall operate to release the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its 
obligations in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
138 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the 
relevant Registrar for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim 
made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the 
Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted 
Debtor shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder to the production 
of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the Documents.  
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(v) 
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by Spanish 
law, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each holder of a beneficial interest in 
the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes will be deemed to have expressly:  
(A) 
consented to the substitution of the Issuer with the Substituted Debtor prior to when 
the relevant assignment and acknowledged and accepted that such prior consent is 
fully effective for the purposes of article 1,205 of the Spanish Civil Code;  
(B) 
acknowledged and accepted that the amendment made by the substitution of the 
Issuer with the Substituted Debtor is to be considered as a non-extinctive amendment 
(“novación no extintiva” or “impropia”) for all purposes; and  
(C) 
acknowledged and accepted that the substitution requirements set forth under this 
Condition 17 are fully reasonable considering all of the requirements to be met to 
complete such a substitution which include the rating condition set forth under 
Condition 17(i)(I) above and, therefore, that the Noteholders have accepted the 
substitution as reasonable and in accordance with the applicable requirements of law 
as the substitution may only be made in the case of a Substituted Debtor which 
provides for a rating of the Notes that is the same or an improvement on the rating 
assigned to the Notes before the substitution. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by English law, no 
rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The governing law of the Notes will be specified in Part A of the applicable Final Terms.  
(a) 
English Law 
If English law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Condition 19(a) shall apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing law: 
The Notes (except for Conditions 3 (including the application of any Spanish Statutory Loss-
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority) and 20), the Coupons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (except for 
Conditions 3 and 20), and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. Conditions 3 and 20 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with either of them) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance

--- Page 139 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
139 
with, Spanish law in accordance with Condition 19(b) below. The Notes are issued in 
accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish company law. 
(ii) 
Submission to jurisdiction: 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 19(a)(ii)(C) below, the English courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and 
any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19(a), each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(C) 
This Condition 19(a)(ii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
only. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the above, the Spanish courts in the city of Madrid have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the application of 
any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers by the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority (a Bail-in Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Spanish courts. Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Bail-in Dispute further waives any objection to the 
Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any Bail-in Dispute.  
(iii) 
Service of Process: 
The Issuer agrees that process may be served on it in relation to any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute at Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., London 
Branch being its registered office for the time being in England and agrees that, in the event 
of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
(b) 
Spanish Law 
If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Condition 19(b) shall apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Governing law: 
The Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and the Coupons shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law. 
(ii) 
Submission to jurisdiction:

--- Page 140 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
140 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders that the courts of Spain in 
the city of Madrid are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes (together referred to as 
Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection 
which it may have now or hereinafter to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings in the 
courts of Spain in the city of Madrid. To the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in 
this Condition 19(b) shall limit any right of any Noteholders or Couponholders (other than in 
relation to any Bail-in Dispute) to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other competent jurisdictions, whether concurrently 
or not. 
In addition, the Spanish courts in the city of Madrid have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
Bail-in Dispute and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Bail-in Dispute 
further waives any objection to the Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute. 
20. 
RECOGNITION OF SPANISH STATUTORY LOSS-ABSORPTION POWERS 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the exercise and effect of any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority, which may be imposed with or without any prior notice with 
respect to the Notes, and which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due;  
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer, the Group or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;  
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and  
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Spanish 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority pursuant to any relevant laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain is not 
dependent on the application of this Condition 20. 
In this Condition 20,

--- Page 141 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
141 
Amounts Due means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, due on the Notes. References to such amount will include amounts that have become 
due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Spanish Statutory Loss-
Absorption Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority; 
regulated entity means any entity subject to any Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Power; and 
Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, or suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to the resolution of credit 
entities and/or transposition of the BRRD, including, but not limited to (i) Law 11/2015 (ii) RD 
1012/2015, as amended from time to time, (iii) SRM Regulation, and (iv) any other instruments, rules 
or standards made or implemented in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, 
modified, transferred or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated 
entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the Group’s general corporate purposes, which 
include making a profit. In addition, where the Notes are stated to be “Green”, “Social” or “Sustainability” 
Notes in “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms and it is stated that the proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended to be used for “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes as described in 
this “Use of Proceeds” section (Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, respectively, and, 
together, SDG Notes) the net proceeds from each such issue of SDG Notes will be used as so described. If 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of the relevant Notes will be 
used as so specified. 
For any SDG Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of SDG Notes will be separately 
identified and applied by the Issuer in financing or refinancing on a portfolio basis Green Projects and/or 
Social Projects (each as defined below and further described in the Issuer’s SDGs Bond Framework) 
(together, the Sustainability Projects), including the financing of new or future Sustainability Projects, and 
the refinancing of existing and on-going Sustainability Projects where originally financed within three years 
of the issue of the relevant Notes, all in accordance with the SDGs Bond Framework. In the case of Green 
Notes, such financing or refinancing shall be of Green Projects, in the case of Social Notes, such financing or 
refinancing shall be of Social Projects and, in the case of Sustainability Notes, such financing or refinancing 
shall be of Green Projects and Social Projects. 
Green Projects are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the 
financing of activities falling or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, under 
the “green eligible categories” described in the SDGs Bond Framework of energy efficiency, sustainable 
transport, water, waste management and/or renewable energy, each as further described in the SDGs Bond 
Framework, and, at any time, include any other “green” projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles at such time. 
The ICMA Green Bond Principles, at any time, are the Green Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Offering Circular are the Green Bond 
Principles June 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Green-
Bond-Principles-June-2021-140621.pdf).  
The SDGs Bond Framework means the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Bond Framework (April 
2018) of the Issuer published on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com), including as 
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time. 
Social Projects are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the financing 
of activities falling, or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, under the 
“social eligible categories” described in the SDGs Bond Framework of healthcare, education, SME financing 
and microfinancing, and/or affordable housing, each as further described in the SDGs Bond Framework, and, 
at any time, include any other “social” projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles at such time. 
The ICMA Social Bond Principles, at any time, are the Social Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Offering Circular are the Social Bond 
Principles June 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Social-
Bond-Principles-June-2021-140621.pdf). 
The proceeds of any SDG Notes will not be used to finance nuclear power generation, large scale (above 20 
megawatt) dam, defence, mining, carbon related or oil and gas activities. 
Pending the application of any net proceeds of SDG Notes in financing or refinancing the relevant 
Sustainability Projects, such proceeds will be applied by the Issuer on the same basis as for the management

--- Page 143 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
143 
of its liquidity portfolio. The Issuer will endeavour to apply a percentage of the net proceeds of any SDG 
Notes in financing Sustainability Projects originated in the year of issue of such SDG Notes. In the event that 
any Sustainability Project to which the net proceeds of any SDG Notes are allocated, ceases or will cease to 
comply with the relevant categories for such Sustainability Project to constitute a Green Project or a Social 
Project, as the case may be, the Issuer will substitute that Sustainability Project within the relevant portfolio 
for a compliant Sustainability Project. 
Within 12 months of the issue date of each Series of SDG Notes and for each year until the maturity or early 
redemption 
of 
those 
SDG 
Notes, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
publish 
a 
report 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) in respect of that Series of SDG Notes as described in the SDGs 
Bond Framework. 
The Issuer has obtained an independent verification assessment from DNV GL Business Assurance Services 
Limited in respect of the SDGs Bond Framework. This independent verification assessment is published on 
the Issuer’s website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com).  
The Issuer further intends to obtain an independent verification assessment from an external verifier for each 
benchmark Series of SDG Notes it issues and will publish that verification assessment on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). 
In addition, the Issuer may request, on an annual basis starting one year after the issue of each Series of SDG 
Notes and until maturity (or until redemption in full), a limited assurance report of the allocation of the net 
proceeds of those SDG Notes to Green Projects and/or Social Projects, as the case may be, which may be 
provided by its external auditor or another suitably qualified provider and published on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). 
Neither the SDGs Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or contents of any 
of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
BBVA’s predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was incorporated as a public limited company (a 
sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on 1st October, 1988. BBVA was formed 
following the merger of Argentaria into BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the 
shareholders of each entity on 18th December, 1999 and registered on 28th January, 2000. It conducts its 
business under the commercial name “BBVA”. BBVA is registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya 
(Spain) (volume 2,083, Folium 1, Page BI-17.A, first inscription). It has its registered office at Plaza de San 
Nicolás 4, Bilbao, Spain, 48005, and has its main place of business at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid, Spain 
(telephone number: +34 91 374 6201). BBVA is incorporated for an unlimited term. The Legal Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
BBVA 
is 
K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71. 
The 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
https://www.bbva.com/en/. The information contained in such web page shall not be deemed to constitute a 
part of this Offering Circular unless specifically incorporated by reference. 
BBVA’s corporate purpose contained in article 3 of its bylaws is to engage in all kinds of activities, 
operations, acts, contracts and services within the banking business or directly or indirectly related to it, that 
are permitted or not prohibited by prevailing provisions and any ancillary activities. Its corporate purpose also 
includes the acquisition, holding, utilisation and divestment of securities, public offerings to buy and sell 
securities, and any kind of holdings in any company or enterprise. 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
BBVA’s principal investments are financial investments in its subsidiaries and affiliates. There were no 
significant capital expenditures in the years ended 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
CAPITAL DIVESTITURES 
BBVA’s principal divestitures are financial divestitures in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
divestitures from 2018 to the date of this Offering Circular were the following: 
2021 to date 
Sale of BBVA’s U.S. Bancshares, Inc to PNC Financial Service Group   
On 1st June, 2021, after obtaining all the required authorisations, BBVA completed the sale to The PNC 
Financial Services Group, Inc. (PNC) of 100 per cent. of the capital stock of its subsidiary BBVA USA 
Bancshares, which in turn owns all the capital stock of the bank, BBVA USA. 
The consideration received in cash by BBVA, as a consequence of this sale, amounts to approximately 
U.S.$11,500 million (equivalent to approximately €9,600 million), which corresponds to the purchase price 
provided in the share purchase agreement minus the agreed closing price adjustments. 
The accounting of both the results generated by BBVA USA Bancshares since the announcement of the 
transaction and of its closing, have had an aggregate positive impact on the Group's CET 1 (fully loaded) ratio 
of approximately 294 basis points (of which 24 basis points have already been accounted for in such ratio 
between the date of the announcement and the end of the first quarter of 2021 and have been reflected in the 
Group’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements corresponding to the three month period ended 
31st March, 2021) and a profit net of taxes of approximately €570 million (€479 million of which has been 
accounted for in the Group’s result between the date of the announcement and the end of the first quarter of 
2021 and have been reflected in the Group’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements 
corresponding to the three month period ended 31st March, 2021).

--- Page 145 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
145 
The Group will continue to develop the institutional and wholesale business in the United States that it 
currently carries out through its broker dealer BBVA Securities Inc and its branch in New York. BBVA will 
also maintain its investment activity in the fintech sector through its participation in Propel Venture Partners 
US Fund I, L.P. (Propel Venture Partners). 
2020 
Agreement for the creation of a joint venture and transfer of the non-life insuance business in Spain 
On 27th April, 2020, BBVA reached an agreement with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. to 
create a bancassurance joint venture in Spain including a long-term exclusive distribution agreement for the 
sale of non-life insurance products, excluding the health insurance business, through BBVA’s branch network 
in Spain.  
On 14th December, 2020, after obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals from the competent authorities, 
BBVA Seguros, S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros (BBVA Seguros) transferred to Allianz, Compañía de Seguros 
y Reaseguros, S.A., 50 per cent. of the share capital plus one share in BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros, 
S.A. (BBVA Seguros Generales). BBVA Seguros received a cash payment of €274 million. Prior to that, 
BBVA transferred its non-life insurance business in Spain, excluding the health insurance business, to BBVA 
Seguros Generales.  
Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. may need to make an additional payment to BBVA of up to 
€100 million if certain business goals and milestones are met. This transaction has resulted in a profit net of 
taxes of €304 million and has increased the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by 7 basis points as of 31st 
December, 2020.  
2019  
Sale of BBVA Paraguay 
On 7th August, 2019, BBVA reached an agreement with Banco GNB Paraguay, S.A., an affiliate of Grupo 
Financiero Gilinski, for the sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary, BBVA Paraguay.  
The sale closed on 22nd January, 2021 and BBVA received approximately $250 million (approximately €210 
million) in cash. The transaction resulted in a loss of approximately €9 million net of taxes and is estimated to 
increase the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by approximately 6 basis points in the first quarter of 2021. 
2018 
Sale of BBVA Chile 
On 28th November, 2017, BBVA received a binding offer (the Offer) from The Bank of Nova Scotia group 
(Scotiabank) for the acquisition of BBVA’s stake in BBVA Chile as well as in other companies of the Group 
in Chile with operations that are complementary to the banking business in Chile (among them, BBVA 
Seguros de Vida, S.A.). BBVA owned, directly and indirectly, 68.19 per cent. of BBVA Chile’s share capital. 
On 5th December, 2017, BBVA accepted the Offer and entered into a sale and purchase agreement and the 
sale was completed on 6th July, 2018. 
The consideration received in cash by BBVA in the referred sale amounted to approximately U.S.$2,200 
million. The transaction resulted in a capital gain net of taxes of €633 million, which was recognised in 2018. 
Transfer of real estate business in Spain and sale of stake in Divarian 
On 29th November, 2017, BBVA reached an agreement with Promontoria Marina, S.L.U. (Promontoria), a 
company managed by Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. (Cerberus), for the creation of a joint venture to 
which an important part of the Group’s real estate business in Spain (the Spanish Real Estate Business) was 
transferred (the Cerberus Transaction).

--- Page 146 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
146 
The Spanish Real Estate Business comprised of (i) foreclosed real estate assets (REOs) held by BBVA on 
26th June 2017, with a gross book value of approximately €13,000 million, and (ii) the necessary assets and 
employees to manage the Spanish Real Estate Business in an autonomous manner. For the purposes of the 
Cerberus Transaction, the Spanish Real Estate Business was valued at approximately €5,000 million. 
On 10th October, 2018, after obtaining all the required authorisations, BBVA completed the transfer of the 
Spanish Real Estate Business (except for a part of the agreed REOs, which were contributed in several 
subsequent transfers, with the last one in May 2020) to Divarian and the sale of an 80 per cent. stake in 
Divarian to Promontoria. Following the closing of the Cerberus Transaction, BBVA retained 20 per cent. of 
the share capital of Divarian. 
As of 31st December, 2018 and for the year then ended, the Cerberus Transaction did not have a significant 
impact on the Group’s attributable profit or CET 1 (fully loaded). 
Sale of BBVA’s stake in Testa 
On 14th September, 2018, BBVA and other shareholders of Testa entered into an agreement with Tropic Real 
Estate Holding, S.L. (a company which is advised and managed by a private equity investment group 
controlled by Blackstone Group International Partners LLP) pursuant to which BBVA agreed to transfer its 
25.24 per cent. interest in Testa to Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. The sale was completed on 21st 
December, 2018.  
The consideration received in cash by BBVA from this sale amounted to €478 million. 
Sale of non-performing and in default mortgage credits 
On 21st December, 2018, BBVA reached an agreement with Voyager Investing UK Limited Partnership, an 
entity managed by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, for the transfer of a portfolio of credit rights which 
was mainly composed of non-performing and in default mortgage credits. The transaction was completed 
during the third quarter of 2019 and resulted in a capital gain, net of taxes, of €138 million and a slightly 
positive impact on the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded). 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Group is a diversified international financial group with a significant presence in retail banking, 
wholesale banking and asset management. The Group also operates in the insurance sector. 
The Group is committed to offering a compelling digital proposition and is focused on increasingly offering 
products online and through mobile channels, improving the functionality of its digital offerings and refining 
the customer experience. In 2020, the number of digital and mobile customers and the volume of digital sales 
of the Group continued to increase. 
 
Standards and interpretations that became effective in 2020 
 
IFRS 16 –Leases – COVID-19 modifications 
 
On 28th May, 2020, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) approved an amendment to IFRS 
16 which provides an optional exemption for lessees from assessing whether rent concessions that occur due 
to COVID-19 (including payment holidays and deferrals of lease payments for a period of time, in each case 
in connection with payments due on or before 30th June, 2020) are lease modifications. 
 
This amendment was effective from 1st June, 2020 and has been endorsed by the European Union. The 
amendment, which has been applied by the Group, has had no significant impact on the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group.

--- Page 147 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
147 
IAS 12 – “Income Taxes” Amendment 
 
As part of the annual improvements to IFRS standards (2015-2017 cycle), IAS 12 “Income Taxes” was 
amended for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2019. According to the amended 
standard, an entity shall recognise the income tax consequences of payments of dividends in profit or loss, 
other comprehensive income or equity, depending on where the entity recognised the originating transaction 
or event that generated the distributable profits giving rise to the dividend. In accordance with the amended 
standard, BBVA recorded the income tax consequences of dividends paid for the year ended 31st December, 
2019 (amounting to €91 million of income) under “Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from 
continuing operations” in the Group’s consolidated income statement (see Note 19 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements). Such income tax consequences were recorded under “Total equity” in the Group’s 
consolidated balance sheet in previous periods. In order to make the financial information for prior years 
comparable with the financial information for 2019, the financial information for 2018 was restated 
retrospectively in this regard. The application of the amended standard resulted in an increase by €76 million 
in the Group’s “Profit attributable to parent company” for 2018 (an increase of 1.4 per cent. in the “Profit 
attributable to parent company” for 2018). The new standard had no significant impact on the Group’s 
consolidated total equity. 
 
Hyperinflationary economies 
 
Considering the interpretation issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee 
(IFRIC) in its “IFRIC Update” of March 2020 on IAS 29 “Financial information in hyperinflationary 
economies”, the Group made an accounting policy change which involves recording the differences generated 
when translating the restated financial statements of the subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies into euros 
in the line item “Accumulated other comprehensive income – Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss – 
Foreign currency translation” in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet. In order to make the information as 
of 31st December, 2019 and 2018 comparable with information as of 31st December, 2020, the information as 
of 31st December, 2019 and 2018 has been restated by reclassifying €2,985 million and €2,987 million, 
respectively, from “Shareholders’ funds – Retained earnings” and €6 million and €20 million, respectively, 
from “Shareholders’ funds – Other reserves” to “Accumulated other comprehensive income – Items that may 
be reclassified to profit or loss – Foreign currency translation” and “Accumulated other comprehensive 
income (loss) – Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss – Share of other recognized income and 
expense of investments in joint ventures and associates” as of 31st December, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 
The reclassification has been recorded as “Effect of changes in accounting policies” under the balance as of 
1st January, 2020 and 2019 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31st 
December, 2019 and 2018. 
 
IFRS 9 – Collection of interest on impaired financial assets 
 
As a consequence of the application of the interpretation issued by the IFRIC in its “IFRIC Update” of March 
2019 regarding the collection of interest on impaired financial assets under IFRS 9, such collections are 
presented since 2020 as reductions in credit-related write-offs whereas previously they were included as 
interest income. In order to make the information for the years ended 31st December, 2019 and 2018 
comparable with the information for the year ended 31st December, 2020, the consolidated income statement 
for the year ended 31st December, 2019 has been restated by recognising a €78 million reduction in the 
heading “Interest and other income” and a €78 million increase in the heading “Impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net gains by modification” 
(€80 million reduction in the heading “Interest and other income” and a €80 million increase in the heading 
“Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or 
net gains by modification” for the year ended 31st December, 2018). This reclassification has had no impact 
on the profit for the years ended 31st December, 2019 and 2018 or on the consolidated total equity as of 31st 
December, 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 148 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
148 
Operating Segments  
The Group’s business areas reporting structure differs from the one presented at the end of 2019, mainly as a 
consequence of the disappearance of the United States as a business area, derived from the sale agreement 
reached with PNC. Most of the businesses in the United States excluded from this agreement, together with 
those of the former business area “Rest of Eurasia” constitute a new business area called “Rest of Business”. 
Set forth below are the Group’s current five operating segments:  
• 
Spain;  
• 
Mexico;  
• 
Turkey;  
• 
South America; and  
• 
Rest of Business.  
In addition to the operating segments referred to above, the Group has a Corporate Center which includes 
those items that have not been allocated to an operating segment. It includes the Group’s general management 
functions, including costs from central units that have a strictly corporate function; management of structural 
exchange rate positions carried out by the Financial Planning unit; certain proprietary portfolios; certain tax 
assets and liabilities; certain provisions related to commitments with employees; and goodwill and other 
intangibles, as well as the financing of such asset portfolios. It also includes the results of the participation in 
the venture capital fund Propel Venture Partners. Additionally, the results obtained by the Group's businesses 
in the United States included within the scope of the agreement with PNC through the date of closing of the 
BBVA USA Bancshares sale have been presented in a single line under the heading "Profit (loss) after tax 
from discontinued operations" in the income statement of the Corporate Center. 
The calculation for constant currency amounts and percentages has been performed by applying current period 
exchange rates to the prior periods as stated and published in the 2020 Management Report. 
The breakdown of the Group’s total assets by each of BBVA’s operating segments and the Corporate Center 
as of 31st March 2021, and 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:  
 
 
As of 31st 
March, 
As of 31st December, 
Total Assets by Operating Segment 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Spain 
394,904 
410,409 
369,943 
360,041 
Mexico 
110,412 
110,236 
109,087 
97,428 
Turkey 
58,876 
59,585 
64,416 
66,250 
South America 
53,164 
55,436 
54,996 
54,373 
Rest of Business 
36,015 
35,172 
32,891 
27,826 
Subtotal Assets by Operating Segment 
653,371 
670,839 
631,334 
605,918 
Corporate Center and adjustments(1)  
66,334 
65,336 
66,403 
69,758 
Total Assets Group 
719,705 
736,176 
697,737 
675,675 
 
(1) 
Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
The following table sets forth information relating to the profit (loss) attributable to the parent company for 
each of BBVA’s operating segments and the Corporate Center for the three months ended 31st March, 2021 
and 2020, and the years ended 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
 
Profit/(Loss) Attributable to 
Parent Company 
 
% of Profit/(Loss) 
Attributable to Parent

--- Page 149 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
149 
Company 
 
31st March,  
31st December,  
31st March,  
31st December,  
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
(in percentage) 
Spain 
381 
(130) 
652 
1,436 
1,450 
31 
(26) 
18
26
28 
Mexico 
493 
373 
1,761 
2,698 
2,367 
40 
73 
48
49
46 
Turkey  
191 
129 
563 
506 
567 
15 
26 
15
9
11 
South America 
104 
70 
446 
721 
578 
8 
14 
12
13
11 
Rest of Business 
75 
68 
222 
184 
150 
6 
13 
6
3
3 
Subtotal operating 
segments 
1,244 
510 
3,644 
5,544 
5,111 
100 
100 
100
100
100 
Corporate Center 
(34) 
(2,301) 
(2,339) 
(2,032) 
289 
 
 
Profit 
(loss) 
attributable to parent 
company 
(1,210)
1,792 
1,305 
3,512 
5,400 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth certain summarised information relating to the income of each operating 
segment and the Corporate Center for the three months ended 31st March, 2021 and 2020, and the years ended 
31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
Operating Segments 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Corporate 
Center 
Group 
 
(in millions of euros) 
March 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
867 
1,366 
530 
660 
72 
(44) 
3,451 
Gross income 
1,646 
1,761 
834 
714 
218 
(18) 
5,155 
Net margin before provisions(1) 
893 
1,138 
569 
377 
103 
(230) 
2,850 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
522 
682 
481 
202 
93 
(221) 
1,759 
Profit/(loss) attributable to parent company 
381 
493 
191 
104 
75 
(34) 
1,210 
March 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
878 
1,545 
819 
763 
65 
(47) 
4,024 
Gross income 
1,511 
1,993 
1,073 
863 
211 
127 
5,778 
Net margin before provisions(1) 
731 
1,331 
763 
473 
86 
(83) 
3,300 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
(194) 
545 
340 
136 
88 
(108) 
807 
Profit/(loss) attributable to parent company 
(130) 
373 
129 
70 
68 
(2,301) 
(1,792) 
December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,566 
5,415 
2,783 
2,701 
291 
(164) 
14,592 
Gross income 
5,567 
7,025 
3,573 
3,225 
839 
(63) 
20,166 
Net margin before provisions(1) 
2,528 
4,680 
2,544 
1,853 
372 
(898) 
11,079 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
823 
2,475 
1,522 
896 
280 
(1,183) 
4,813 
Profit/(loss) attributable to parent company 
652 
1,761 
563 
446 
222 
(2,339) 
1,305 
December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income  
3,585 
6,209 
2,814 
3,196 
236 
(252) 
15,789 
Gross income  
5,674 
8,034 
3,590 
3,850 
728 
(353) 
21,522 
Net margin before provisions(1) 
2,420 
5,383 
2,375 
2,276 
249 
(1,336) 
11,368 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
1,896 
3,690 
1,341 
1,396 
222 
(1,499) 
7,046 
Profit/(loss) attributable to parent company 
1,436 
2,698 
506 
721 
184 
(2,032) 
3,512 
December 2018 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
Net interest income 
3,636 
5,568 
3,135 
3,009 
224 
(287) 
15,285 
Gross income 
5,906 
7,193 
3,901 
3,701 
666 
(430) 
20,936 
Net margin before provisions(1) 
2,572 
4,800 
2,654 
1,992 
195 
(1,330) 
10,883 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
1,859 
3,269 
1,444 
1,288 
207 
(1,368) 
6,699 
Profit/(loss) attributable to parent 
company 
1,450 
2,367 
567 
578 
150 
289 
5,400

--- Page 150 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
150 
(1)  
Net margin before provisions” is calculated as “Gross income” less “Administration costs” and “Depreciation and 
amortization”.

--- Page 151 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
151 
The following tables set forth information relating to the balance sheet of BBVA’s operating segments and the 
Corporate Center as of 31st March, 2021, and 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and adjustments as of 
31st March, 2021 and 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
 
As of 31st March, 2021 
 
 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South America Rest of Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments(1) 
(in millions of euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
394,904 
110,412 
58,876 
53,164 
36,015 
653,371 
66,334 
Cash, cash balances at 
central 
banks 
and 
other demand deposits 
26,118 
10,641 
6,682 
6,795 
5,509 
55,746 
(796) 
Financial 
assets 
designated 
at 
fair 
value(2) 
135,929 
33,915 
5,492 
7,433 
2,145 
184,914 
(4,493) 
Financial 
assets 
at 
amortized cost 
195,621 
60,858 
44,633 
36,381 
27,950 
365,443 
(1,689) 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
166,093 
51,525 
36,859 
32,443 
24,450 
311,369 
(686) 
Total Liabilities 
382,245 
103,312 
52,430 
48,618 
33,016 
619,620 
49,374 
Financial 
liabilities 
held for trading and 
designated 
at 
fair 
value through profit 
or loss 
70,950 
21,138 
2,062 
1,223 
1,509 
96,882 
(5,915) 
Financial liabilities at 
amortized 
cost 
- 
Customer deposits  
196,590 
56,832 
38,089 
34,920 
6,764 
333,196 
(2,132) 
Total Equity 
12,660 
7,100 
6,446 
4,547 
2,999 
33,751 
16,960 
Assets 
under 
management 
64,452 
23,834 
3,667 
14,433 
530 
106,915 
 
(1)  
Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) 
Financial assets designated at fair value includes: “Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income”.

--- Page 152 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
152 
 
As of 31st December, 2020 
 
 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South America Rest of Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments(1)  
 
 
Total Assets 
410,409 
110,236 
59,585 
55,436 
35,172 
670,839 
65,336 
Cash, cash balances at 
central 
banks 
and 
other demand deposits 
38,356 
9,161 
5,477 
7,127 
6,121 
66,243 
(723) 
Financial 
assets 
designated 
at 
fair 
value(2) 
137,969 
36,360 
5,332 
7,329 
1,470 
188,459 
(4,447) 
Financial 
assets 
at 
amortized cost 
198,173 
59,819 
46,705 
38,549 
27,213 
370,460 
(2,792) 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
167,998 
50,002 
37,295 
33,615 
24,015 
312,926 
(1,779) 
Of which: 
 
 
Residential 
mortgages 
71,530 
9,890 
2,349 
6,252 
1,436 
91,457 
 
Consumer finance 
11,820 
7,025 
5,626 
6,773 
497 
31,740 
 
Loans 
5,859 
1,629 
630 
974 
183 
9,274 
 
Credit cards 
2,087 
4,682 
3,259 
2,008 
7 
12,043 
 
Loans 
to 
enterprises 
61,748 
22,549 
24,597 
16,392 
21,121 
146,408 
 
Loans 
to 
public 
sector 
12,468 
4,670 
178 
1,319 
794 
19,429 
 
Total Liabilities 
397,103 
103,529 
53,415 
50,660 
32,133 
636,841 
49,315 
Financial 
liabilities 
held for trading and 
designated 
at 
fair 
value through profit 
or loss 
73,921 
23,801 
2,336 
1,326 
849 
102,233 
(5,695) 
Financial liabilities at 
amortized 
cost 
- 
Customer deposits  
206,428 
54,052 
39,353 
36,874 
9,333 
346,040 
(3,379) 
Of which: 
 
 
 
Demand 
and 
savings deposits 
174,789 
43,483 
20,075 
25,832 
3,657 
267,837 
 
Time deposits 
31,019 
10,444 
19,270 
11,042 
5,676 
77,452 
 
Total Equity 
13,306 
6,707 
6,170 
4,776 
3,039 
33,999 
16,021 
Assets 
under 
management 
62,707 
22,524 
3,425 
13,722 
569 
102,947 
 
Mutual funds 
38,434 
20,660 
1,087 
4,687 
- 
64,869 
 
Pension funds  
24,273 
- 
2,337 
9,035 
569 
36,215 
 
Other placements  
- 
1,863 
- 
- 
- 
1,863 
 
 
(1) 
Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) 
Financial assets designated at fair value includes: “Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income”.

--- Page 153 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
153 
 
As of 31st December, 2019 
 
 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South America Rest of Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments(1)  
 
 
Total Assets 
369,943 
109,087 
64,416 
54,996 
32,891 
631,334 
66,403 
Cash, cash balances at 
central 
banks 
and 
other demand deposits 
15,898 
6,492 
5,486 
8,601 
2,853 
39,330 
4,973 
Financial 
assets 
designated 
at 
fair 
value(2) 
121,890 
31,402 
5,268 
6,120 
796 
165,476 
4,213 
Financial 
assets 
at 
amortized cost 
195,258 
66,180 
51,285 
37,869 
28,881 
379,473 
59,688 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
167,332 
58,081 
40,500 
35,701 
26,143 
327,757 
54,603 
Of which: 
 
 
Residential 
mortgages 
73,871 
10,786 
2,928 
7,168 
1,624 
96,377 
 
Consumer finance 
11,390 
8,683 
5,603 
7,573 
453 
33,703 
 
Loans 
5,586 
1,802 
635 
1,074 
195 
9,293 
 
Credit cards 
2,213 
5,748 
3,837 
2,239 
8 
14,046 
 
Loans 
to 
enterprises 
57,194 
24,778 
26,552 
16,251 
23,089 
147,864 
 
Loans 
to 
public 
sector 
13,886 
6,819 
107 
1,368 
724 
22,904 
 
Total Liabilities 
356,944 
101,980 
57,584 
49,596 
29,947 
596,052 
46,759 
Financial 
liabilities 
held for trading and 
designated 
at 
fair 
value through profit 
or loss 
77,731 
21,784 
2,184 
1,860 
220 
103,779 
(5,089) 
Financial liabilities at 
amortized 
cost 
- 
Customer deposits  
182,370 
55,934 
41,335 
36,104 
8,603 
324,346 
59,873 
Of which: 
 
 
 
Demand 
and 
savings deposits 
150,917 
43,015 
15,737 
22,665 
3,577 
235,911 
 
Time deposits 
31,453 
12,395 
25,587 
13,439 
5,027 
87,901 
 
Total Equity 
12,999 
7,107 
6,832 
5,400 
2,944 
35,281 
19,644 
Assets 
under 
management 
66,068 
24,464 
3,906 
12,864 
500 
107,803 
 
Mutual funds 
41,390 
21,929 
1,460 
3,860 
- 
68,639 
 
Pension funds  
24,678 
- 
2,446 
9,005 
500 
36,630 
 
Other placements  
- 
2,534 
- 
- 
- 
2,534 
 
 
(1) 
Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) 
Financial assets designated at fair value includes: “Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income”.

--- Page 154 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
154 
  
As of 31st December, 2018 
 
 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South America Rest of Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments  
 
 
Total Assets 
360,041 
97,428 
66,250 
54,373 
27,826 
605,918 
69,758 
Cash, cash balances at 
central 
banks 
and 
other demand deposits 
28,545 
8,274 
7,853 
8,987 
2,733 
56,391 
1,805 
Financial 
assets 
designated 
at 
fair 
value(1) 
106,307 
26,022 
5,506 
5,634 
600 
144,070 
7,820 
Financial 
assets 
at 
amortized cost 
195,457 
57,709 
50,315 
36,649 
22,046 
362,175 
57,485 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
170,427 
51,101 
41,478 
34,469 
20,755 
318,231 
55,796 
Of which: 
 
 
Residential 
mortgages 
76,388 
9,197 
3,530 
6,629 
1,829 
97,572 
 
Consumer finance 
9,665 
7,347 
5,265 
6,900 
410 
29,588 
 
Loans 
5,564 
2,094 
570 
955 
205 
9,388 
 
Credit cards 
2,083 
4,798 
3,880 
2,058 
10 
12,829 
 
Loans 
to 
enterprises 
57,306 
22,552 
27,657 
16,897 
17,803 
142,215 
 
Loans 
to 
public 
sector 
15,379 
5,726 
95 
1,078 
445 
22,724 
 
Total Liabilities 
347,131 
90,869 
59,172 
49,186 
25,364 
571,721 
51,080 
Financial 
liabilities 
held for trading and 
designated 
at 
fair 
value through profit 
or loss 
70,020 
18,028 
1,852 
1,357 
147 
91,403 
(4,649) 
Financial liabilities at 
amortized 
cost 
- 
Customer deposits  
183,413 
50,530 
39,905 
35,842 
8,049 
317,738 
58,232 
Of which: 
 
 
 
Demand 
and 
savings deposits 
142,912 
38,167 
12,530 
23,195 
3,805 
220,608 
 
Time deposits 
40,072 
11,593 
27,367 
12,817 
4,244 
96,094 
 
Total Equity 
12,910 
6,559 
7,078 
5,188 
2,461 
34,196 
18,678 
Assets 
under 
management 
62,559 
20,647 
2,894 
11,662 
388 
98,150 
 
Mutual funds 
39,250 
17,733 
669 
3,741 
- 
61,393 
 
Pension funds  
23,274 
- 
2,225 
7,921 
388 
33,807 
 
Other placements  
35 
2,914 
- 
- 
- 
2,949 
 
(1) 
Financial assets designated at fair value includes: “Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income”.

--- Page 155 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
155 
Spain 
This operating segment includes all of BBVA’s banking and non-banking businesses in Spain, other than 
those included in the Corporate Center. The primary business units included in this operating segment are: 
• 
Spanish Retail Network: including individual customers, private banking, small companies and 
businesses in the domestic market; 
• 
Corporate and Business Banking: which manages SMEs, companies and corporations and public 
institutions; 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking (C&IB): responsible for business with large corporations and 
multinational groups and the trading floor and distribution business in Spain; and 
• 
Other units: which includes the insurance business unit in Spain (BBVA Seguros) as well as the 
Group’s shareholding in the bancassurance joint venture with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A. (see “—History and Development of the Company―Capital Divestitures—2020 to 
date”), the Asset Management unit (which manages Spanish mutual funds and pension funds), lending 
to real estate developers and foreclosed real estate assets in Spain, as well as certain proprietary 
portfolios and certain funding and structural interest rate positions of the euro balance sheet which are 
not included in the Corporate Center. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €38,356 million as of 31st 
December, 2020 compared with the €15,898 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to an 
increase in cash held at the Bank of Spain, with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios - 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income”) amounted to €137,969 million as of 31st December, 2020, a 13.2 per 
cent. increase from the €121,890 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a result of the 
increase in trading derivatives recorded under “Financial assets held for trading” due to the positive impact of 
changes in exchange rates on foreign currency positions and the increase in sovereign debt securities recorded 
under the “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €198,173 
million, a 1.5 per cent. increase compared with the €195,258 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers amounted to €167,998 million as of 31st December, 
2020, an increase of 0.4 per cent. from the €167,332 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a 
result of the increase in SMEs and corporate banking credit on the back of the measures implemented by the 
Spanish government in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, and increased drawdowns under credit facilities 
especially in the first quarter, partially offset by the decrease in mortgage loans. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating 
segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €73,921 million, a 4.9 per cent. decrease compared with the 
€77,731 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to a decrease in deposits from credit 
institutions, partially offset by the positive impact of changes in exchange rate derivatives on foreign currency 
positions. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to 
€206,428 million, a 13.2 per cent. increase compared with the €182,370 million recorded as of 31st 
December, 2019 mainly due to the increase in demand deposits within the retail portfolio, as a result of the 
shift from consumption to savings due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of

--- Page 156 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
156 
31st December, 2020 amounted to €62,707 million, a 5.1 per cent. decrease compared with the €66,068 
million as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to the increased volatility and decline in market prices during 
the period and the resulting shift towards deposits. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio decreased to 4.3 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 from 
4.4 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in retail, SMEs and corporate 
banking credit facilities on the back of the measures implemented by the Spanish government in light of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the temporary moratoria and other relief measures adopted to address the 
effects thereof. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 67 per cent. as of 
31st December, 2020 from 60 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, as a result mainly of higher loss 
allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The most relevant aspects related to this operating segment during the first three months of 2021 were that 
lending activity (performing loans under management) was 1.2 per cent. lower than at the end of 2020, mainly 
due to a reduction in mortgage loans (down 0.5 per cent.) and lower short-term operations among larger 
companies (down 2.3 per cent.), which was partially offset by higher balances in retail businesses (up 0.1 per 
cent.), SMEs (up 0.9 per cent.) and consumer finance together with credit cards (up 0.3 per cent.).  
In terms of asset quality, the non-performing loan ratio stood at 4.4 per cent., and the non-performing loan 
coverage ratio at 66 per cent.  
Off-balance sheet funds increased by 2.8 per cent. and total customer funds decreased by 3.0 per cent. from 
the end of 2020, due to the lower total balance of customer deposits under management (down 4.8 per cent.). 
Mexico 
The Mexico operating segment includes the banking and insurance businesses conducted in Mexico by BBVA 
Mexico. It also includes BBVA Mexico’s branch in Houston. 
The Mexican peso depreciated 13.1 per cent. against the euro as of 31st December, 2020 compared with 31st 
December, 2019, adversely affecting the business activity of the Mexico operating segment as of 31st 
December, 2020 expressed in euros.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €9,161 million as of 31st 
December, 2020 compared with the €6,492 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to an 
increase in cash and cash equivalents held at Banco de México (the Mexican Central Bank), with a view to 
reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, offset in part by the depreciation of 
the Mexican peso against the euro. 
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income”) as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €36,360 million, a 15.8 per 
cent. increase from the €31,402 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to an increase in 
sovereign debt securities, offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro.   
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €59,819 
million, a 9.6 per cent. decrease compared with the €66,180 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 
amounted to €50,002 million, a 13.9 per cent. decrease compared with the €58,081 million recorded as of 31st 
December, 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro and the decrease 
in corporate loans and retail portfolios (mainly residential mortgages and consumer finance), due to the 
adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. These effects were partially offset by the partial recovery of 
mortgage loans in the second half of 2020.

--- Page 157 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
157 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating 
segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €23,801 million, a 9.3 per cent. increase compared with the 
€21,784 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a result of increases in government agency 
debt securities, offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. Customer deposits at 
amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €54,052 million, a 3.4 per 
cent. decrease compared with the €55,934 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, primarily due to the 
depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Other placements”) 
as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €22,524 million, a 7.9 per cent. decrease compared with the €24,464 
million as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the 
euro, partially offset by the shift towards higher profitability investments such as private banking. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio increased to 3.3 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 from 
2.4 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to the increase in non-performing loans from the retail 
portfolio during the fourth quarter of 2020, following the lifting of the moratoria measures adopted in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased 
to 122 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 from 136 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019. 
The most important developments in relation to activity in this operating segment during the first three months 
of 2021 were that lending activity (performing loans under management) increased 1.5 per cent. in the quarter, 
mainly due to the performance in corporate banking loans (up 9.1 per cent.) and the increase in the wholesale 
portfolio (up 2.3 per cent.). The retail portfolio increased by 0.6 per cent. compared to the end of December 
2020 mainly due to the performance of the mortgage portfolio (up 1.6 per cent.) and to the increase in the 
SME portfolio (up 3.1 per cent.).  
In terms of asset quality indicators, the non-performing loan ratio stood at 3.0 per cent. with a decrease in the 
balance of non-performing loans in consumer and credit card portfolios. The non-performing loan coverage 
ratio increased to 129 per cent. 
Customer deposits under management increased by 3.5 per cent. mainly due to the growth in demand deposits 
of 4.2 per cent. Time deposits remained flat (up 0.3 per cent.) and off-balance sheet funds increased by 4.2 per 
cent. in the first three months of 2021. 
Turkey 
This operating segment comprises the activities carried out by Garanti BBVA as an integrated financial 
services group operating in every segment of the banking sector in Turkey, including corporate, commercial, 
SME, payment systems, retail, private and investment banking, together with its subsidiaries in pension and 
life insurance, leasing, factoring, brokerage and asset management, as well as its international subsidiaries in 
the Netherlands and Romania. 
The Turkish lira depreciated 26.7 per cent. against the euro as of 31st December, 2020 compared to 31st 
December, 2019, adversely affecting the business activity of the Turkey operating segment as of 31st 
December, 2020 expressed in euros.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €5,477 million as of 31st 
December, 2020, a 0.2 per cent. decrease compared with the €5,486 million recorded as of 31st December, 
2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. At constant exchange rates, there was 
an increase in cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as a result of the increase in 
cash and cash equivalents held at the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey, with a view to reinforcing the 
Group’s cash position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value

--- Page 158 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
158 
through other comprehensive income”) as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €5,332 million, a 1.2 per cent. 
increase from the €5,268 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in 
Turkish lira-denominated corporate banking loans as a result of the recently launched CGF-Credit Guarantee 
Fund, which is intended to support SMEs and entrepreneurs and pursuant to which loans are provided with 
Turkish Treasury-backed credit guarantees, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the 
euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €46,705 
million an 8.9 per cent. decrease compared with the €51,285 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 
amounted to €37,295 million, a 7.9 per cent. decrease compared with the €40,500 million recorded as of 31st 
December, 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, offset, in part, by the 
increase (in local currency) in loans denominated in Turkish lira and increases in the commercial portfolio and 
in consumer loans (supported by the General Purpose Loans program adopted by the Turkish government, 
which intends to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating 
segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €2,336 million, a 7 per cent. increase compared with the 
€2,184 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to the increase in derivatives within the 
trading portfolio, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to 
€39,353 million, a 4.8 per cent. decrease compared with the €41,335 million recorded as of 31st December, 
2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by the increase in 
demand deposits and increasing demand for gold deposits. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
31st December, 2020 amounted to €3,425 million, a 12.3 per cent. decrease compared with the €3,906 million 
as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset 
by increases in pension funds (in local currency). 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment decreased to 6.6 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 
from 7 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, as a result of the increase in loans denominated in Turkish lira, 
increases in the commercial portfolio and in consumer loans (in local currency) and, to a lesser extent, 
increases in write offs in the fourth quarter of 2020. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage 
ratio increased to 80 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 from 75 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, mainly 
due to higher loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and, to a lesser extent, certain 
specific clients in the commercial portfolio. 
The most relevant aspects related to this operating segment’s activity during the first quarter of 2021 were that 
lending activity (performing loans under management) increased by 5.2 per cent. due to the increase in 
Turkish lira loans (up 5.9 per cent.) which was supported by consumer loans, due to to the origination in 
general purpose loans, and by credit cards, mortgages and commercial loans. Foreign-currency loans (in U.S. 
dollars) contracted during the first quarter of 2021 (down 5.5 per cent.). 
In terms of asset quality, the non-performing loan ratio increased to 6.9 per cent. from the end of 2020 due to 
higher non-performing loans entries. The non-performing loan coverage ratio stood at 78 per cent. as of 31st 
March, 2021. 
Customer deposits under management remained as the main source of funding for the balance sheet and 
increased by 3.3 per cent. year-to-date. Turkish lira demand deposits increased (up 10.1 per cent.) year-to-date 
and off-balance sheet funds increased by 14.3 per cent. during the same period. Foreign currency deposits 
contracted (down 6.4 per cent. year-to-date). There was a slide from foreign currency to Turkish lira deposits 
due to the higher interest rate environment.

--- Page 159 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
159 
South America 
The South America operating segment includes the Group’s banking and insurance businesses in the region. 
The main business units included in the South America operating segment are: 
• 
Retail and Corporate Banking: includes banks in Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
• 
Insurance: includes insurance businesses in Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela. 
The sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021. See “—History and Development of the Company—
Capital Divestitures—2019”. 
As of 31st December, 2020, the Argentine peso, the Colombian peso and the Peruvian sol depreciated against 
the euro compared to 31st December, 2019, by 34.8 per cent., 12.6 per cent. and 16.3 per cent., respectively. 
Changes in exchanges rates have adversely affected the business activity of the South America operating 
segment as of 31st December, 2020 expressed in euros.  
As of and for the years ended 31st December, 2020 and 2019, the Argentine and Venezuelan economies were 
considered to be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 29. 
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income”) as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €7,329 million, a 19.7 per 
cent. increase compared with the €6,120 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, attributable in part to 
the increase in the fair value of debt securities issued by the Peruvian government held by the segment and 
increases in purchases of debt securities issued by the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic (BCRA) in 
Argentina in connection to the COVID-19 pandemic and held by the segment. The increase was offset in part 
by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the Group operates within this operating 
segment against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €38,549 
million, a 1.8 per cent. increase compared with the €37,869 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 
amounted to €33,615 million, a 5.8 per cent. decrease compared with the €35,701 million recorded as of 31st 
December, 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the 
Group operates within this operating segment against the euro, partially offset by the increase in wholesale 
loans, particularly in Peru (supported by the “Reactiva Plan” adopted in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic), the increase in credit cards loans, in particular in Argentina, and increases in the retail portfolio (in 
each case, in local currency). 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to 
€36,874 million, a 2.1 per cent. increase compared with the €36,104 million recorded as of 31st December, 
2019, mainly as a result of increases in demand deposits due to the measures established by the respective 
central banks in the region in order to inject liquidity into their economies (as part of the funds provided 
thereunder have been invested as deposits), and the shift from consumption to savings due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, partially offset by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the Group 
operates within this operating segment against the euro.

--- Page 160 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
160 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
31st December, 2020 amounted to €13,722 million, a 6.7 per cent. increase compared with the €12,864 
million as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to the recovery in mutual funds, after the temporary outflow of 
resources due to market instability, during the second half of 2020, partially offset by the depreciation of the 
currencies of the main countries where the Group operates within this operating segment against the euro. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 and 2019 stood at 4.4 per 
cent. The non-performing loan ratio as of 31st December, 2020 was positively affected by the temporary 
moratoria and other relief measures adopted to address the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. This operating 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 110 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020, from 100 
per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to an increase in the balance of provisions in Colombia and 
Peru in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The most relevant aspects related to this operating segment during the first quarter of 2021 were that lending 
activity (performing loans under management) increased by 0.9 per cent. compared to December 2020, 
partially offset by the outbreaks of COVID-19, which have resulted in lockdowns and mobility restrictions in 
some countries in the area. The wholesale portfolio increased by 0.6 per cent. and the retail portfolio increased 
by 1.2 per cent. compared to 2020.  
In terms of asset quality, the non-performing loan ratio stood at 4.6 per cent., presenting an increase compared 
to December 2020, while the non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 109 per cent. in the same 
period.  
Customer funds remained stable (up 0.5 per cent.) compared to the end of December 2020. Deposits from 
customers under management fell 0.3 per cent. and the off-balance sheet funds increased by 2.7 per cent. with 
customer balances shifting from higher-cost transactional products toward off-balance sheet funds. 
Rest of Business 
This operating segment includes the wholesale activity carried out by the Group in Europe, excluding Spain, 
and the United States through the New York branch, as well as the institutional business that the Group 
develops in the United States through its broker-dealer BBVA Securities Inc. It also includes the banking 
business developed through the five BBVA branches located in Asia (in Taipei, Tokyo, Hong Kong, 
Singapore and Shanghai). 
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income”) as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €1,470 million, an 84.7 per 
cent. increase compared with the €796 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to increased 
activity of the New York branch, which led to an increase in “Financial assets held for trading”. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €27,213 
million, a 5.8 per cent. decrease compared with the €28,881 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 
amounted to €24,015 million, an 8.1 per cent. decrease compared with the €26,143 million recorded as of 31st 
December, 2019, mainly as a result of a reduction in loans to corporate clients. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €9,333 
million, an 8.5 per cent. increase compared with the €8,603 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, 
mainly due to the increase in time deposits in the New York branch. 
Pension funds in this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 amounted to €569 million, a 13.8 per cent. 
increase compared with the €500 million recorded as of 31st December, 2019, mainly due to increased sales 
of a multi-strategic product launched in 2019.

--- Page 161 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
161 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of 31st December, 2020 decreased to 1 per cent. 
from 1.2 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio 
increased to 109 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020, from 88 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019, mainly 
due to the higher loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The most relevant aspects of the activity and results of this operating segment during the first quarter of 2021 
were that lending activity (performing loans under management) increased by 0.7 per cent. 
In terms of asset quality, the non-performing loan ratio stood at 1 per cent., remaining stable with respect to 
December 2020, and the non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 101 per cent. 
Customer deposits under management decreased by 29 per cent., mainly due to a decrease in deposits from 
wholesale customers in Europe, excluding Spain, and the New York branch. 
Organisational Structure 
The companies comprising the Group are principally domiciled in the following countries: Argentina, Bolivia, 
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, 
Switzerland, Turkey, UK, the United States, Uruguay and Venezuela. In addition, BBVA has an active 
presence in Asia. 
Below is a simplified organisational chart of BBVA’s most significant subsidiaries as of 31st December, 
2020. 
Subsidiary 
Country 
of 
Incorporation 
Activity 
BBVA 
Voting 
Power 
BBVA 
Ownership 
Total 
Assets (1) 
 
 
(in percentages) 
(in millions 
of euros) 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
 97,518     
GARANTI BBVA AS 
TURKEY 
Bank 
49.85 
49.85 
 52,319     
BBVA PERU 
PERU 
Bank 
92.24(2) 
46.12 
 23,891     
BBVA SEGUROS S.A. DE SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS 
SPAIN 
Insurance 
99.96 
99.96 
 17,601     
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A. 
COLOMBIA 
Bank 
95.47 
95.47 
 15,573     
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A. 
ARGENTINA 
Bank 
66.55 
66.55 
 6,553     
SEGUROS 
BBVA 
BANCOMER 
S.A. 
DE 
C.V., 
GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
 5,391     
PENSIONES 
BBVA 
BANCOMER, 
S.A. 
DE 
C.V., 
GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
 4,815     
GARANTIBANK BBVA INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
THE 
NETHERLANDS 
Bank 
49.85 
100.00 
 3,398     
 
(1) 
Information for non-EU subsidiaries has been calculated using the prevailing exchange rates on 31st December, 2020. 
(2) 
Subject to certain exceptions.  
Selected Financial Data  
The historical financial information set forth below has been selected from, and should be read together with, 
the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 162 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
162 
Consolidated statement of income data  
 
For 
the 
three 
months ended 31st 
March, 
For the year ended 31st December, 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Net interest income ...................................................... 3,451 
4,024 
14,592 
15,789 
15,285 
Profit (loss) .................................................................. 1,447 
(1,621) 
2,060 
4,345 
6,227 
Profit (loss) attributable to parent company ................. 1,210 
(1,792) 
1,305 
3,512 
5,400 
Consolidated balance sheet data 
 
 
As of 31st 
March, 
As at 31st December, 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Total assets .................................................................
719,705  
736,176  
697,737  
675,675  
Financial assets at amortized cost ...............................
363,754  
367,668  
439,162  
419,660  
Customers’ deposits at amortized cost ........................
331,064 
342,661  
384,219  
375,970  
Debt certificates ..........................................................
61,397  
66,311  
68,619  
63,970  
Non-controlling interests ............................................
5,396 
5,471  
6,201  
5,764  
Total equity .................................................................
50,711  
50,020  
54,925  
52,874

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
163 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
BBVA is managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with its current by-laws (Estatutos), must 
consist of no less than 5 and no more than 15 members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected to 
serve three-year terms. BBVA’s Board of Directors Regulations state that the Board of Directors must try to 
ensure that there is an ample majority of non-executive directors over executive directors on the Board of 
Directors.  
BBVA's corporate governance system is based on the distribution of functions between the Board of 
Directors, the Executive Committee (Comisión Delegada Permanente) and other specialised Board 
Committees, namely: the Audit Committee; the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; the 
Remunerations Committee; the Risk and Compliance Committee; and the Technology and Cybersecurity 
Committee. BBVA's Board of Directors is assisted in fulfilling its responsibilities by the Executive 
Committee. The Executive Committee will deal with those matters that the Board of Directors agrees to 
delegate to it, in accordance with the law, the Bylaws, the Board of Directors’ Regulations or its own 
Regulations approved by the Board of Directors. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of BBVA currently comprises 15 members, 13 of which are non-executive directors 
and two are executive directors. 
The business address of the directors of BBVA is Calle Azul, 4, 28050 Madrid. 
BBVA may, from time to time, enter into transactions in the ordinary course of its business, and on an arm's-
length basis, with the directors. 
BBVA's Board of Directors Regulations include rules which are designed to prevent situations where a 
potential conflict of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must 
refrain from participating in deliberations and votes on resolutions or decisions in which they or a related 
party may have a direct or indirect conflict of interest. Accordingly, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the private interests or other duties of the directors and their duties to BBVA. 
 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of this 
Offering Circular, their date of appointment and re-election, if applicable, their current positions and their 
present principal outside occupation and employment history.  
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
Carlos Torres 
Vila (1) (6) 
1966 
Group Executive 
Chairman 
4th May, 2015 
15th March, 
2019 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors and Group Executive 
Chairman 
of 
BBVA 
since 
December 2018. Chairman of the 
Executive Committee and of the 
Technology and Cybersecurity 
Committee. Director of Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer, 
S.A. 
de 
C.V. 
and 
BBVA 
Bancomer S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer. 
Chief Executive Officer of BBVA 
from 
May 
2015 
until 
his 
appointment as Chairman. He 
started at BBVA in September 
2008 holding senior management 
posts such as Head of Digital

--- Page 164 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
164 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
Banking from March 2014 to 
May 2015 and BBVA Strategy & 
Corporate Development Director 
from January 2009 to March 
2014. 
 
Onur Genç (1) 
1974 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
20th December, 
2018 
15th March, 
2019 
Chief Executive Officer of BBVA 
since December 2018. Director of 
BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc., 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer, S.A., de C.V., and 
BBVA 
Bancomer 
S.A., 
Institución de Banca Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer. Chairman and CEO of 
BBVA 
USA 
and 
BBVA’s 
Country Manager in the United 
States from January 2017 to 
December 2018. Deputy CEO at 
Garanti BBVA between 2015 and 
2017 and Vice President for retail 
and private banking at Garanti 
BBVA between 2012 and 2015.  
 
José Miguel 
Andrés 
Torrecillas (1) (2) 
(3) (8) 
1955 
Deputy Chair 
(Independent 
Director) 
13th March, 
2015 
20th April, 
2021 
Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA since April 
2019 
and 
Chair 
of 
the 
Appointments 
and 
Corporate 
Governance Committee. Director 
of Zardoya Otis, S.A. Chairman 
of Ernst & Young Spain from 
2004 to 2014, where he was a 
partner since 1987 and also held a 
series of senior offices, including 
Managing Partner of the Banking 
Group from 1989 to 2004 and 
Managing Director of the Audit 
and Advisory practices at Ernst & 
Young Italy and Portugal from 
2008 to 2013. 
 
Jaime Félix 
Caruana 
Lacorte(1) (2) (5) 
1952 
Independent 
Director 
16th March, 
2018 
20th April, 
2021 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
since April 2019. Member of the 
Group of Thirty (G-30), Sponsor 
(patrono) of the Spanish Aspen 
Institute Foundation, President of 
the 
International 
Center 
for 
Monetary and Banking Studies’ 
(ICMB) Foundation Board and 
Member of the China Banking 
and 
Insurance 
Regulatory 
Commission’s 
(CBIRC) 
International 
Advisory 
Committee. General Manager of 
the 
Bank 
of 
International 
Settlements (BIS) between 2009 
and 2017. Between 2006 and 
2009 he was Head of the 
Monetary, 
Capital 
Markets 
Department 
and 
Financial

--- Page 165 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
165 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
Counselor and General Manager 
at the International Monetary 
Fund (IMF) and between 2003 
and 2006 he was Chairman of the 
Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision. 
Raúl Catarino 
Galamba de 
Oliveira (5) (6) 
1964 
Independent 
Director 
13th March, 
2020 
Not 
applicable 
Independent Chair of the Board 
of Directors of CTT – Correios de 
Portugal, S.A. and non-executive 
director of José de Mello Saúde 
and José de Mello Capital. His 
career path has been mainly 
linked to McKinsey & Company, 
where he was appointed partner 
in 1995, Director of the Portugal 
office in 2000, Managing Partner 
of Global Risk practice between 
2013 and 2016, member of the 
Global Shareholders Board from 
2005 to 2011, member of the 
Partner Election and Evaluation 
Committees between 2001 and 
2017, 
member 
of 
the 
Remuneration Committee from 
2005 to 2013 and Chairman of the 
Global Learning Board from 2006 
to 2011. 
Belén Garijo 
López(2) (3) (4) 
1960 
Independent 
Director 
16th March, 
2012 
20th April, 
2021 
Chair 
of 
the 
Remunerations 
Committee. 
Chair 
of 
the 
Executive Board and CEO of 
Merck Group, member of the 
Board of Directors of L’Oréal 
and, since 2011, Chair of the 
International Senior Executive 
Committee (ISEC) of PhRMA, 
(Pharmaceutical 
Research 
and 
Manufacturers 
of 
America). 
Previously, she was President of 
Commercial 
Operations 
for 
Europe and Canada at Sanofi 
Aventis. 
Sunir Kumar 
Kapoor (6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
11th March, 
2016 
15th March, 
2019 
Operating partner at Atlantic 
Bridge 
Capital, 
independent 
director of Stratio Big Data, non-
executive director at Deep Image 
Analytics, Inc. and advisor to 
mCloud. President and CEO of 
UBmatrix Inc from 2005 to 2011. 
Executive Vice President and 
CMO of Cassatt Corporation 
from 2004 to 2005. Oracle 
Corporation, 
Vice 
President 
Collaboration Suite from 2002 to 
2004. Founder and CEO of Tsola 
Inc from 1999 to 2001. President 
and CEO of E-Stamp Corporation 
from 
1996 
to 
1999. 
Vice 
President of Strategy, Marketing 
and 
Planning 
of 
Oracle 
Corporation from 1994 to 1996.

--- Page 166 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
166 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
Lourdes Máiz 
Carro(2) (4) 
1959 
Independent 
Director 
14th March, 
2014 
13th March, 
2020 
Secretary 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors and Director of Legal 
Services at Iberia, Líneas Aéreas 
de España from 2001 until 2016. 
Joined the Spanish State Counsel 
Corps (Cuerpo de Abogados del 
Estado) and from 1992 until 1993 
she was Deputy to the Director in 
the 
Ministry 
of 
Public 
Administration. From 1993 to 
2001 held various senior positions 
in the Public Administration, 
including Director of the Cabinet 
of the Assistant Secretary of 
Public 
Administration 
and 
General Director of the Sociedad 
Estatal 
de 
Participaciones 
Patrimoniales (SEPPA) within the 
Ministry 
of 
Economy 
and 
Finance. 
José 
Maldonado 
Ramos(1) (3) 
1952 
External Director 
28th January, 
2000 
20th April, 
2021 
Appointed Director and General 
Secretary of BBVA in January 
2000. Took early retirement as 
Bank executive in December 
2009. Previously, he was Board 
Secretary and Director of Legal 
Services for Empresa Nacional 
para el Desarrollo de la Industria 
Alimentaria, 
S.A. 
(Endiasa); 
Astilleros Españoles, S.A.; and 
Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España, 
S.A. 
Ana Cristina 
Peralta Moreno 
(2) (4) 
1961 
Independent 
Director 
16th 
March, 
2018 
20th April, 
2021 
Independent director of Grenergy 
Renovables, 
S.A. 
and 
of 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, 
S.A. 
and 
member 
of 
the 
Professional Board of ESADE. 
Independent director at Deutsche 
Bank SAE from 2014 to 2018, 
independent director at Banco 
Etcheverría, S.A. from 2013 to 
2014. 
Previously, 
she 
was 
General Director of Risks Officer 
and Member of the Management 
Committee of Banco Pastor, S.A. 
and she held several positions at 
Bankinter, S.A. including Chief 
Risk Officer and member of the 
Management Committee. 
Juan Pi Llorens 
(3) (5) (6) (7) 
1950 
Independent 
Director 
27th July, 2011 
20th April, 
2021 
Lead Director of BBVA since 
April 2019 and Chairman of the 
Risk and Compliance Committee. 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Ecolumber, S.A. and 
non-executive director of Oesía 
Networks, S.L. and of Tecnobit, 
S.L.U. Had a professional career 
at IBM holding various senior 
posts 
at 
a 
national 
and

--- Page 167 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
167 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
international level including Vice 
President for Sales at IBM 
Europe from 2005 to 2008, Vice 
President 
of 
Technology 
& 
Systems Group at IBM Europe 
from 2008 to 2010 and Vice 
President of the Finance Services 
Sector at GMU (Growth Markets 
Units) in China from 2009 to 
2011. He was executive President 
of IBM Spain between 1998 and 
2001. 
Ana Leonor 
Revenga 
Shanklin (5) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
13th March, 
2020 
Not 
applicable 
Senior Fellow at the Brookings 
Institution and President of the 
Board at the ISEAK Foundation 
since 
2018 
and 
Associate 
Professor at the Walsh School of 
Foreign Service at Georgetown 
University since 2019. She has 
held 
several 
positions 
of 
responsibility at the World Bank, 
including Senior Global Director 
of Poverty and Equity between 
2014 and 2016 and Deputy Chief 
Economist in 2016 and 2017. 
Susana 
Rodríguez 
Vidarte(1) (3) (5) 
1955 
External Director 
28th May, 2002 
13th March, 
2020 
Professor of Strategy at the 
Faculty 
of 
Economics 
and 
Business Sciences at Universidad 
de Deusto. She was Dean of the 
faculty 
of 
Economics 
and 
Business Administration of the 
University of Deusto from 1996 
to 2009, Director of the Instituto 
Internacional de Dirección de 
Empresas (INSIDE) from 2003 to 
2008 
and 
Director 
of 
the 
Postgraduate Area from 2009 to 
2012. Doctor in Economic and 
Business 
Sciences 
from 
Universidad de Deusto. 
Carlos Vicente 
Salazar 
Lomelín (4) 
1951 
External Director 
13th 
March, 
2020 
Not 
applicable 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Consejo 
Coordinador 
Empresarial 
de 
México (the Mexican Business 
Coordinating Council) since 2019 
and 
independent 
director 
of 
Sukarne, S.A. and Alsea, S.A.B. 
de C.V. since 2017 and 2019, 
respectively. Director of Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer, 
S.A. de C.V. and of BBVA 
Bancomer, S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero BBVA Bancomer. His 
career path has been linked to the 
Grupo 
Fomento 
Económico

--- Page 168 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
168 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History(*) 
Mexicano 
S.A.B. 
de 
C.V. 
(Femsa) until 2019, having held 
roles such as General Manager of 
Cervecería 
Cuauhtémoc-
Moctezuma and General Manager 
of Femsa from 2014 to 2017. 
Jan Paul Marie 
Francis 
Verplancke(4)(6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
16th 
March, 
2018 
20th April, 
2021 
Director, 
Chief 
Information 
Officer, 
Group 
Head 
of 
Technology 
and 
Banking 
Operations, of Standard Chartered 
Bank, between 2004 and 2015. 
Before that, he held several 
positions 
in 
multinational 
companies, 
such 
as 
Vice 
President of Technology and 
Chief Information Officer, in the 
EMEA region of Dell (1999-
2004). 
(*) Where no date is provided, the position is currently held. 
(1) Member of the Executive Committee. 
(2) Member of the Audit Committee. 
(3) Member of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(4) Member of the Remunerations Committee. 
(5) Member of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
(6) Member of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. 
(7) Lead Director. 
(8) Deputy Chair. 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital  
On 11th May, 2020, Norges Bank reported that it had 3.235 per cent. of voting rights attributed to shares and 
0.131 per cent. of voting rights through financial instruments, for a total of 3.366 per cent. of the total voting 
rights. 
On 18th April, 2019, Blackrock, Inc. reported that it had 5.480 per cent. of voting rights attributed to shares 
and 0.437 per cent. of voting rights through financial instruments, for a total of 5.917 per cent. of the total 
voting rights.. 
On 11th February, 2021, GQG Partners LLC reported that it had 3.090 per cent. of voting rights attributed to 
shares and 3.090 per cent. of total voting rights (it doesn't report voting rights through financial instruments). 
As of 30th June, 2021, no other person, corporation or government beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
five percent or more of BBVA’s shares. BBVA’s major shareholders do not have voting rights which are 
different from those held by the rest of its shareholders. To the extent known to us, BBVA is not controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by any other corporation, government or any other natural or legal person. As of 30th 
June, 2021, there were 849,605 registered holders of BBVA’s shares, with an aggregate of 6,667,886,580 
shares, of which 729 shareholders with registered addresses in the United States held a total of 1,785,940,023 
shares (including shares represented by American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs)). Since certain of such shares and ADRs are held by nominees, the foregoing figures are not 
representative of the number of beneficial holders. 
Legal Proceedings  
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Cenyt. Such investigation includes the provision 
of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On 29th July, 2019, BBVA was named as an investigated party (investigado)

--- Page 169 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
169 
in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating 
Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets 
and corruption. On 3rd February, 2020, BBVA was notified by the Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the 
National High Court of the order lifting the secrecy of the proceedings. Certain current and former officers 
and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been named as investigated parties in 
connection with this investigation. BBVA has been and continues to be proactively collaborating with the 
Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts the relevant information obtained in the internal 
investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of the facts. As of the date of this 
Offering Circular, no formal accusation against BBVA has been made. 
This criminal judicial proceeding is in the pre-trial phase. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to predict 
the scope or duration of such proceeding or any related proceeding or its or their possible outcomes or 
implications for the Group, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby. 
The Group operates in legal and regulatory environments that expose it to potentially significant legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings, including legal claims and proceedings, civil and criminal regulatory 
proceedings, governmental and judicial investigations and proceedings, tax proceedings and other proceedings 
in jurisdictions around the world. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings are subject to many 
uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing thereof, the amount of fines or settlements or the form 
of any settlements arising therefrom, or changes in business practices the Group may need to introduce as a 
result thereof, any of which may be material and are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages 
of a particular legal or regulatory matter.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, and in addition to as described above, the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the 
world (including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the United States), the adverse resolution of which may 
also adversely impact the Group. See “Risk Factors— Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme - Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks - 
Legal Risks — The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings”.  
The Group can provide no assurance that the legal and regulatory actions and proceedings to which it is 
subject, or to which it may become subject in the future or otherwise affected by, will not, if resolved 
adversely, result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business financial position or results of 
operations.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
General  
The Issuer is a Spanish credit institution with registered address at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao. It operates 
under the form of a public limited liability company (sociedad anónima) and is thus subject to Spanish 
company and tax legislation applicable from time to time (including the special aspects of the provincial 
scheme applicable in view of its registered address), as well as to banking legislation applicable in Spain and 
in the EU. The Issuer’s shares are currently listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock 
Exchanges through the Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (Continuous Market), on the London 
and Mexico Stock Exchanges and, by means of ADSs (American Depositary Shares), on the New York Stock 
Exchange, and are thus subject to stock market regulations applicable in Spain, in the EU, in the UK, in 
Mexico and in the United States. 
The Issuer develops its business in different jurisdictions through a number of subsidiaries, which are subject 
to company, banking, stock market and insurance regulations, among others, as applicable in each specific 
case. In particular, the Group is exposed to the regulations of Mexico, the United States and Turkey. 
The following summarises some of the regulations that most significantly affect the Issuer in Spain, the 
Group's main market, and as a result of its activities in the EU. 
Solvency and capital requirements 
In its capacity as a Spanish credit institution, the Issuer is subject to Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26th June, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC, and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (the CRD IV Directive) through which the EU began to 
implement the capital reforms agreed in the framework of Basel III. The core regulation on the solvency of 
credit institutions is Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th 
June, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012 (the CRR I and, together with the CRD IV Directive and any measures implementing the 
CRD IV Directive or CRR I which may from time to time be applicable in Spain, CRD IV), which is 
complemented by several binding regulatory technical standards that are directly applicable in all EU Member 
States, without the need for national implementation measures. The transposition of the CRD IV Directive 
into Spanish legislation took place through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, of 29th November, Law 10/2014, RD 
84/2015, Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014, of 31st January and Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016. 
On 7th June, 2019, the following amendments to CRD IV, Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15th May, 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (BRRD I) and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15th July, 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund (the SRM Regulation I) were published:  
• 
Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 (the CRD 
V Directive) amending the CRD IV Directive (the CRD IV Directive as so amended by the CRD V 
Directive and as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the CRD Directive);  
• 
Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 (BRRD II) 
amending, among other things, BRRD I as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD I as so amended by BRRD II and as amended, 
replaced or supplemented from time to time, the BRRD); 
• 
CRR II and, together with the CRD V Directive, CRD V) amending, among other things, CRR I as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements on own funds and eligible

--- Page 171 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
171 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (CRR I as so amended by CRR II and as amended, superseded or 
supplemented from time to time, the CRR); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 877/2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May, 2019 (the 
SRM Regulation II) amending the SRM Regulation I as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (SRM Regulation I as so amended 
by SRM Regulation II and as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the SRM 
Regulation), 
(CRD V, together with BRRD II and the SRM Regulation II, the EU Banking Reforms).  
CRD IV, among other things, established a “Pillar 1” minimum capital requirement and increased the level of 
capital required through the “combined buffer requirement” that institutions must comply with from 2016 
onwards. The “combined buffer requirement” introduced five new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation 
buffer, (ii) the G-SIB buffer, (iii) the institution-specific counter cyclical buffer, (iv) the D-SIB buffer and (v) 
the systemic risk buffer (a buffer to prevent systemic or macroprudential risks). The “combined buffer 
requirement” (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-
cyclical buffer and the higher of the systemic risk buffer, the G-SIBs buffer and the D-SIBs buffer, in each 
case as applicable to the institution) applies in addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements and 
must be satisfied with additional CET1 capital to that provided to meet the “Pillar 1” minimum capital 
requirement. 
The G-SIB buffer is applicable to the institutions included in the list of G-SIBs, which is updated annually by 
the FSB. The Issuer was excluded from this list with effect as from 1st January, 2017 and so, unless otherwise 
indicated by the FSB (or the Bank of Spain) in the future, the Issuer will no longer be required to maintain the 
G-SIB buffer. 
On 20th November, 2020, the Bank of Spain announced that the Issuer continues to be considered a D-SIB at a 
consolidated level and is required to maintain a fully-loaded D-SIB buffer of a CET1 ratio of 0.75 per cent. on a 
consolidated basis.  
In December 2015, the Bank of Spain agreed to set the counter cyclical capital buffer applicable to credit 
exposures in Spain at 0 per cent. from 1st January, 2016. This percentage is reviewed quarterly. The Bank 
of Spain agreed on 24th March, 2021 to maintain the counter cyclical capital buffer applicable to credit 
exposures in Spain at 0 per cent. for the second quarter of 2021. At the date of this Offering Circular, the 
counter cyclical capital buffer applicable to the Group stands at 0 per cent. 
Furthermore, Article 104 of the CRD Directive (as implemented by Article 68 of Law 10/2014) and 
similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15th October, 2013 conferring specific 
tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the SSM 
Regulation), also contemplates the possibility that the supervisory authorities may require credit 
institutions to observe capital requirements exceeding the “Pillar 1” minimum capital requirements and the 
“combined buffer requirement” by establishing “Pillar 2” capital requirements (which, with respect to 
other requirements, are above the “Pillar 1” requirements and below the “combined buffer requirement”).  
Moreover, the ECB is required, under Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16th April, 2014 
establishing the framework for cooperation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) between the 
ECB and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the SSM Framework 
Regulation), to carry out the SREP of the Issuer and the Group at least on an annual basis. 
On 19th July, 2018, the EBA published its final guidelines intended to further enhance risk management by 
institutions and the convergence of supervision with respect to the SREP. These guidelines focus on stress 
testing, particularly to determine Pillar 2 capital guidance and the level of interest rate risk. As of 23rd July, 
2020, the EBA published further guidelines on the carrying out the SREP during 2020 in light of the crisis 
generated by COVID-19.

--- Page 172 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
172 
Likewise, the ECB announced on 12th March, 2020 that it will allow banks to partially use AT1 and Tier 2 
instruments to meet the “Pillar 2” requirement, being a measure introduced by CRD V and initially expected 
to be implemented in 2021. In particular, the composition of capital instruments to meet the “Pillar 2” 
requirement, shall be made up in the form of 56 per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital, as 
a minimum. 
Consequently, all additional “Pillar 2” own funds requirements that the ECB may impose on the Issuer and/or 
the Group under the SREP will require the Issuer and/or the Group to maintain capital levels higher than the 
“Pillar 1” minimum capital requirement. 
As a result of the latest SREP carried out by the ECB, and after the implementation of the aforementioned 
measures by the ECB on 12th March, 2020, by means of which banks may partially use AT1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments in order to fulfil the “Pillar 2” requirement, BBVA must maintain, at a consolidated level, 
a CET I ratio of 8.59 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 12.75 per cent. The consolidated overall capital 
requirement includes: i) the minimum capital requirement of “Pillar 1” of 8 per cent., that must be composed 
of a minimum of 4.5 per cent. of CET 1; ii) the capital requirement of “Pillar 2” of 1.5 per cent., that must be 
composed of a minimum of 0.84 per cent. of CET1; iii) the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent. of 
CET1); and iv) the capital buffer for “Other Systemically Important Institutions” (O-SIIs) (0.75 per cent. of 
CET1). Likewise, BBVA must maintain, at an individual level, a CET1 ratio of 7.84 per cent. and a total 
capital ratio of 12 per cent. 
 
As of 31st March, 2021, the Group’s phased-in total capital ratio was 16.16 per cent. on a consolidated basis 
and 20.04 per cent. on an individual basis, and its CET1 phased-in capital ratio was 12.2 per cent. on a 
consolidated basis and 15.1 per cent. on an individual basis. 
 
Such ratios exceed the applicable regulatory requirements described above, but there can be no assurance that 
the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of capital available at such point in time. There can also be no assurance as to the result of any 
future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further “Pillar 2” additional own funds 
requirements on the Issuer and/or the Group.  
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of 
Spain Circular 2/2016, any institution not meeting its “combined buffer requirement” is required to calculate 
its MDA as stipulated in such legislation. Accordingly, restrictions on discretionary payments will be scaled 
according to the extent of the breach of the “combined buffer requirement” and calculated as a percentage of 
the profits of the institution generated since the last annual decision on the distribution of profits. Such 
calculation will result in a MDA in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom 
quartile of the “combined buffer requirement”, no discretionary payments will be permitted to be made. 
As a consequence, in the event of breach of the “combined buffer requirement” and until the MDA has been 
calculated and communicated to the Bank of Spain, the relevant institution shall not make any discretionary 
payments, and once the MDA has been calculated and communicated to the Bank of Spain, the discretionary 
payments will be subject to the limit of the MDA calculated.  
Additionally, pursuant to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, the Bank of Spain's adoption of the measures provided 
by Articles 68.2.h) and 68.2.i) of Law 10/2014, aimed at strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting 
the distribution of dividends, respectively, will also entail the requirement to determine the MDA and to 
restrict discretionary payments to such MDA. In accordance with the EU Banking Reforms, the calculation of 
the MDA, as well as the restrictions described in the preceding paragraph while such calculation is pending, 
may also be triggered by a breach of the combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to its 
MREL see “Risk Factors - Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations”) or a breach of the 
leverage ratio requirement. 
CRD V also distinguishes between “Pillar 2” capital requirements and “Pillar 2” capital guidance, with only 
the former being mandatory requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CRD V provides that besides other

--- Page 173 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
173 
measures, supervisory authorities are entitled to impose further “Pillar 2” capital requirements when an 
institution repeatedly fails to follow the “Pillar 2” capital guidance previously imposed. 
Additionally, CRD II establishes a binding requirement for a leverage ratio of 3 per cent. of Tier 1 capital that 
is added to the own funds requirements and to the requirements based on an entity's RWAs. In particular, any 
breach of this leverage ratio would result in the need to calculate the MDA and its consequences.  
 
The table below sets out the reconciliation of the Group’s accounting assets to its leverage ratio exposure as of 
31st March, 2021 and 31st December, 2020: 
 
 
 
31/03/21 
Phased-
In 
31/03/21 
Fully 
Loaded 
31/12/20 
Phased-
In 
31/12/20 
Fully 
Loaded 
 
 
(in millions of euros except percentages) 
 
a) Total assets as per published financial statements 
719,705 719,705 736,176 736,176 
b) Adjustments for entities which are consolidated for 
accounting purposes but are outside the scope of the 
regulatory consolidation perimeter 
(20,692) (20,692) (20,326) (20,326) 
c) Adjustments for derivative financial instruments 
(5,375) 
(5,375) (13,858) (13,858) 
d) Adjustments of securities financing transactions 
3,034 
3,034 
1,992 
1,992 
e) Adjustments for off-balance sheet items(1) 
69,549 
69,549 
67,758 
67,758 
f) (Adjustments for intragroup exposures excluded from 
the leverage ratio exposure measured in accordance with 
article 429(7) of the CRR) 
(20,277) (20,277) (26,456) (26,456) 
g) Other adjustments 
(4,572) 
(5,723) 
(4,191) 
(5,788) 
Total leverage ratio exposures 
741,373 740,222 741,095 729,216 
h) Tier 1 
48,955 
47,818 
49,597 
48,012 
Total leverage ratio exposures 
741,373 740,222 741,095 739,498 
Leverage ratio 
6.60% 
6.46% 
6.68% 
6.49% 
(1) This corresponds to the exposure value of off-balance sheet exposure after applying conversion factors determined in accordance 
with article 429(7) of the CRR. 
Furthermore, on 7th December, 2017, the BCBS announced the end of the Basel III reforms (informally 
referred to as Basel IV). These reforms include changes to the risk weightings applied to the different assets 
and measures to enhance the sensitivity to risk in those weightings, and impose limits on the use of internal 
ratings-based approaches so as to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in the use of such approaches and 
to enhance comparability among banks in which such internal ratings-based approaches are used. This reform 
will also limit the use of internal risk models, with a minimum capital requirement of 50 per cent. of RWAs 
calculated using only the standardised approaches applicable from 1st January, 2022, which is expected to 
increase to 72.5 per cent. from 1st January, 2027.  
In addition, the ECB has announced that a TRIM is being conducted on the internal models used by banks 
subject to its supervision to calculate their risk-weighted assets, in order to reduce inconsistencies and 
unjustified variability in these internal models throughout the EU. Although the full results of the TRIM are 
not yet known, it could imply a change in the internal models used by banks and, at the same time, increases 
or decreases in the capital needs of banks, including the Issuer. 
Set out below are the Group’s solvency data (phased-in Basel III) on a consolidated basis and in accordance 
with the regulations applicable on each of the dates stated. Capital ratios have been calculated in accordance 
with CRD IV on a fully phased-in basis.

--- Page 174 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
174 
Total Capital Phased-in 
(in millions of euros except percentages) 
 
 
   
 
 
 
31/12/2020 
 
 
31/03/2021 
 
31/12/2019 
 
31/12/2018 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) 
43,234 
42,931 
43,653 
40,313 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
5,721 
6,667 
6,048 
5,634 
Tier 2 capital 
8,294 
8,547 
8,304 
8,756 
Capital base 
57,249 
58,145 
58,005 
54,703 
Risk-weighted assets 
354,342 
353,273 
364,448 
348,264 
CET1 ratio 
12.20% 
12.15% 
11.98% 
11.58% 
AT1 ratio 
1.61% 
1.89% 
1.66% 
1.62% 
Tier 1 ratio 
13.82% 
14.04% 
13.64% 
13.19% 
Tier 2 ratio 
2.34% 
2.42% 
2.28% 
2.51% 
Total capital ratio 
16.16% 
16.46% 
15.92% 
15.71% 
The Group must also comply with liquidity and financing ratios. Certain elements of the LCR and the NSFR, 
as implemented by national banking regulators and complied with by the Issuer, may require the introduction 
of changes in some commercial practices. As of 31st March, 2021, 31st December, 2020 and 31st December, 
2019, the Group's LCR was 151 per cent., 149 per cent. and 129 per cent., respectively. The Group’s NSFR 
was 127 per cent. as of 31st March, 2021 and 127 per cent. and 120 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020 and 
2019, respectively. 
Resolution 
The BRRD (which has been partially implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015) and the 
SRM Regulation are designed to provide the authorities with mechanisms and instruments to intervene 
sufficiently early and rapidly in failing or likely to fail credit institutions or investment firms (each an Entity) 
in order to ensure the continuity of the Entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of its non-feasibility on the economic and financial system. The BRRD further provides that a 
Member State may only use additional financial stabilisation instruments to provide extraordinary public 
financial support as a last resort, once the following resolution instruments have been evaluated and used to 
the fullest extent possible while maintaining financial stability. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an Entity will be considered as failing or 
likely to fail in any of the following situations: (i) when the Entity significantly fails, or may reasonably be 
expected to significantly fail in the near future, to comply with the solvency requirements or other 
requirements necessary to maintain its authorisation; (ii) when the Entity’s enforceable liabilities exceeds its 
assets, or it is reasonably foreseeable that they will exceed them in the near future; (iii) when the Entity is 
unable, or it is reasonably foreseeable that it will not be able, to meet its enforceable obligations in a timely 
manner; or (iv) when the Entity needs extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). The decision as to whether the Entity is failing or likely to fail may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside of that Entity’s control. 
In line with the provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools which may be used 
individually or in any combination, when the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that (a) an 
Entity is non-viable or is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect of any other measures that 
would prevent the failure of such Entity within a reasonable period of time and (c) resolution is necessary or 
advisable, rather than the winding up of the Entity through ordinary insolvency proceedings, for reasons of 
public interest.  
The four resolution instruments are (i) the sale of the Entity’s business, which enables the resolution 
authorities to transfer, under market conditions, all or part of the business of the Entity being resolved; (ii) 
bridge institution, which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the Entity to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset

--- Page 175 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
175 
separation, which enables resolution authorities to transfer certain categories of assets (normally impaired or 
otherwise problematic) to one or more asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) the Bail-in Tool. Any exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Spanish 
Resolution Authority may include the write down and/or conversion into equity or other securities or 
obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any future application of the 
Bail-in Tool) of certain unsecured debt claims of an institution (including the Notes). 
In the event that an Entity is in a resolution situation, the Bail-in Tool is understood to mean any write-down, 
conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing from time to time under: (i) any law, 
regulation, rule or requirement applicable from time to time in Spain, relating to the transposition or 
development of the BRRD (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time), including, but not 
limited to (a) Law 11/2015, (b) RD 1012/2015; and (c) the SRM Regulation, each as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time; or (ii) any other law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable from time to 
time in Spain pursuant to which (a) obligations or liabilities of banks, investment firms or other financial 
institutions or their affiliates can be reduced, cancelled, modified, transferred or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such persons or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period or 
permanently) or (b) any right in a contract governing such obligations may be deemed to have been exercised. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (without prejudice to any exclusions that may 
be applied by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in 
the event of any application of the Bail-in Tool, any resulting write-down or conversion by the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority will be carried out in the following sequence: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal 
amount of Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 capital instruments 
(including Tier 2 Subordinated Notes); (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims other than 
Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital (such as Senior Subordinated Notes); and (v) the principal or 
outstanding amount of the remaining eligible liabilities in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings (with senior non-preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) subject to the 
Bail-in Tool after any subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) but before the other senior claims of 
the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes). 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments 
such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability (and, pursuant to BRRD II and the SRM 
Regulation II, certain internal eligible liabilities and instruments) (Non-Viability Loss Absorption and, 
together with the Bail-in Tool, the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers) of an Entity. Any write-
down or conversion must follow the same insolvency hierarchy as described above. The point of non-viability 
of an Entity is the point at which the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority determines that the Entity meets 
the conditions for resolution or will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be 
provided and without such support the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority determines that the institution 
would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at which the group infringes or 
there are objective elements to support a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its 
consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority in accordance with article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed 
prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Bail-in Tool or any other resolution tool or power (where 
the conditions for resolution referred to above are met) or in combination with such exercise in respect of all 
eligible liabilities.  
In addition, the EBA has published certain technical regulation standards and technical implementation 
standards to be adopted by the European Commission, in addition to other guidelines. These standards and 
guidelines could potentially be relevant in determining when or how a Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority 
may exercise the Bail-in Tool and/or impose a Non-Viability Loss Absorption. These include guidelines on 
the treatment of shareholders when applying the Bail-in Tool or Non-Viability Loss Absorption, as well as on 
the rate for converting debt into shares or other securities or debentures in the application of the Bail-in Tool 
and/or Non-Viability Loss Absorption.

--- Page 176 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
176 
To the extent that any resulting treatment of a holder of the Issuer’s securities pursuant to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a holder of such affected securities would have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation based on an independent valuation of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 of RD 
1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation, together with any other compensation provided for in any Applicable 
Banking Regulations (as defined below) including, inter alia, compensation in accordance with Article 36.5 of 
Law 11/2015. However, if the treatment of a creditor following a Non-Viability Loss Absorption is less 
favourable than it would have been under ordinary insolvency proceedings, it is uncertain whether said 
creditor would be entitled to the compensation provided for in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation.  
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group 
including, inter alia, the CRD Directive, CRR, BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in effect in Spain (whether or not 
such regulations, requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group). 
Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority means the FROB, the SRM, the Bank of Spain, the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission or any other entity with the authority to exercise any of the resolution tools and 
powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation from time to time.  
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015 of 18th June on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, including as 
amended by Royal Decree Law 7/2021 of 27 April on the transposition of European Union directives in 
matters of credit institutions, among others. 
MREL 
The BRRD prescribes that banks shall hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities in relation to 
total liabilities known as MREL. According to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23rd 
May, 2016 supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, the level of own funds and eligible liabilities required under 
MREL will be set by the resolution authority, in agreement with the competent authority, for each bank 
(and/or group) based on, among other things, the criteria set forth in Article 45 of the BRRD, including the 
systemic importance of the institution. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, provided that, among 
other requirements, they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, 
they must be able to be written down or converted by the resolution authority of a Member State under that 
law or through contractual provisions.  
If the FROB, the SRM or a Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that there may be any obstacles 
to resolvability by the Issuer and/or the Group, a higher MREL could be imposed. 
The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's MREL breach is dealt with by the competent authorities 
through their powers to address or remove obstacles to resolution, the exercise of their supervisory powers and 
their power to impose early action measures, administrative sanctions and other administrative measures. If 
there were a deficit in the level of an entity's eligible own funds and liabilities, and that entity's own funds 
were contributing to meeting the “combined buffer requirement,” these own funds would automatically go 
toward meeting the MREL of such entity and would cease to be applied in order to comply with its “combined 
buffer requirement”, which could lead to the entity failing to comply with its “combined buffer requirement”. 
This could involve triggering the MDA calculation and the resolution authority may have the power (but not 
the obligation) to impose restrictions on the making of discretionary payments (which may take place as soon 
as 1st January, 2022). Therefore, with the entry into force of the EU Banking Reforms, the Issuer will have to 
fully comply with its "combined buffer requirement", in addition to its MREL, to ensure that it can make 
discretionary payments.

--- Page 177 ---
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
177 
In addition, in accordance with the EBA guidelines on the assumptions of triggering the use of early action 
measures of 8th May, 2015, a significant deterioration in the amount of eligible liabilities and own funds held 
by an entity in order to comply with its MREL could place an entity in a situation where the conditions for 
early action are met, which could entail the application of early action measures by the competent resolution 
authority, which in the Spanish case are detailed in Articles 9 and 10 of Law 11/2015, including the 
intervention or provisional replacement of administrators. 
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments for G-SIBs and “top tier” banks (including the Issuer) that is determined according to their 
systemic importance, involving a minimum “Pillar 1” subordination requirement. This “Pillar 1” subordination 
requirement shall be satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL instruments (which MREL instruments 
may not for these purposes be senior debt instruments and only MREL instruments constituting “non-
preferred” senior debt and other subordinated liabilities will be eligible for compliance with the subordination 
requirement). For “top tier” banks such as the Issuer, this “Pillar 1” subordination requirement has been 
determined as the higher of 13.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s RWAs and 5 per cent. of its leverage exposure. 
Resolution authorities may also impose further “Pillar 2” subordination requirements, which would be 
determined on a case-by-case basis but at a minimum level equal to the lower of 8 per cent. of a bank’s total 
liabilities and own funds and 27 per cent. of its RWAs. 
On 31st May, 2021, BBVA announced that it had received a communication from the Bank of Spain of its 
new MREL requirement, as determined by the SRB, replacing the previous MREL requirement that was 
received and communicated in November, 2019. In accordance with this new communication, BBVA should 
maintain as of 1st January, 2022, a MREL in RWAs consisting of a volume of own funds and eligible 
subordinated liabilities corresponding to 24.78 per cent. of the total RWAs of its resolution group at the 
subconsolidated level. Likewise, of this MREL in RWAs, the RWAs subordination requirement for BBVA 
requires 13.5 per cent. of its total RWAs to be fulfilled with subordinated instruments. As of 31st March, 
2021, the own funds and eligible liabilities of the resolution group corresponds to 29.23 per cent. of its RWAs, 
and the subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities corresponds to 25.95 per cent. Nevertheless, the MREL 
in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement do not include the combined capital buffer requirement 
which, for these purposes, would be 2.5 per cent. as at the date of this Offering Circular, notwithstanding any 
other buffer that may be applicable from time to time. 
Moreover, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement are equivalent, in terms of total 
exposure for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio, to 10.25 per cent. and 5.84 per cent., respectively. 
As of 31st March, 2021, the resolution group has own funds and eligible liabilities of 13.4 per cent. and 
subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities of 11.89 per cent., both in terms of total exposure taken into 
account for the calculation of the leverage ratio.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The Issuer takes responsibility for the correct extraction and reproduction of the information in this 
section concerning the Clearing Systems, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm 
the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither 
the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems  
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its 
participants (Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of 
securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised 
book-entry changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, 
clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and 
by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NYSE MKT LLC, Inc. and the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, 
either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants).  
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives 
and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of 
DTC Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although 
Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.  
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant’s records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners 
are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner 
entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by 
entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued.

--- Page 179 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
179 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.  
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time.  
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed.  
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).  
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct 
Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on 
DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will 
be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, 
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants.  
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended 
as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a

--- Page 180 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
180 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. For further information on Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg relating to the Notes, please see “Taxation”.  
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of a Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by 
DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants 
(with respect to interests of Indirect Participants).  
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC 
or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a 
portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note 
in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account.  
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will 
not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the U.S. Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer.  
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes  
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by 
a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired 
if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect 
participant in the DTC system.  
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by 
the relevant Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited.

--- Page 181 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
181 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.  
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the relevant Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately.  
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders 
of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None 
of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have 
any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. 
SPAIN 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the 
Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
which might be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes. 
Acquisition of the Notes 
The issue of, subscription for, transfer and acquisition of the Notes is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax 
(Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido). 
Taxation on the income and transfer of the Notes 
The tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of the Notes is summarised below and is 
based on the tax regime applicable to the Notes pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of 5th March 
approving the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de los no 
Residentes), as amended (the Non-Resident Income Tax Law), Law 27/2014 of 27th November on 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) (the Corporate Income Tax Law), Law 35/2006 of 28th 
November on Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas), as amended, Law 
19/1991 of 6th June approving the Wealth Tax Law (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Law 29/1987 of 18th 
December approving the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones). The 
summary below also considers the rules for the implementation of such regulations (Royal Decree 1776/2004 
of 30th July approving the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations as amended, Royal Decree 439/2007 of 
30th March, approving the Individuals Income Tax Regulations as amended and Royal Decree 634/2015 of 
10th July approving the Corporate Income Tax Regulations). 
Consideration has also been given to Spanish legislation on the issuance of preferred securities and debt 
securities issued by Spanish financial and non-financial listed entities, either directly or through a subsidiary, 
Law 10/2014 and RD 1065/2007 approving the General Regulations relating to tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes. 
Income not obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are not tax resident in Spain acting for these purposes without a 
permanent establishment within Spain is exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax subject to the reporting 
obligations as set out in RD 1065/2007 (see “Taxation – Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer”). 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes/Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers.  
The holding of Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 183 ---
TAXATION 
183 
Income obtained by non-Spanish resident holders acting through a permanent establishment in Spain in 
respect of the Notes will be taxed under the rules provided by Chapter III of the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Law. These Noteholders will be subject to taxation substantially in the same manner as Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax taxpayers and, therefore, it shall be computed as taxable income in accordance with the general 
rules set out in the Corporate Income Tax Law and will therefore be taxed generally at the current rate of 25 
per cent.  
According to section 44 of RD 1065/2007, the Issuer is not obliged to withhold any tax amount on income 
derived from payment of interest, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained by a permanent 
establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes or Corporate Income Tax payers provided that the information 
procedures are complied with as it is described in section “Taxation – Tax Reporting Obligations of the 
Issuer”. 
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid down 
by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation’s (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, on 27th 
July, 2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain (as in the case 
of the Issuer), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in another OECD 
country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries. Notes traded outside Spain and issued under the 
Programme are expected to satisfy these requirements.  
Individuals with tax residency in Spain  
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Personal Income Tax payers, both as interest and in connection with 
the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, shall be considered income on investments obtained from 
the assignment of an individual’s capital to third parties, as defined in Section 25.2 of Individuals Income Tax 
Law, and therefore will be taxed as savings income at the applicable rate (currently varying from 19 per cent. 
to 26 per cent.).  
The above mentioned income will be subject to the corresponding personal income tax withholding at the 
applicable tax rate of 19 per cent. Article 44 of the RD 1065/2007 establishes information procedures for debt 
instruments issued under the Law 10/2014 and has provided that the interest will be paid by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agent for the whole amount, provided that such information procedures are complied with.  
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by other entities 
(such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain or 
have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory.  
According to RD 1065/2007, the Issuer is not obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the 
Paying Agent as it is described in section “Taxation – Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer”.  
However, regarding the interpretation of the “Taxation – Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer” please refer 
to “Risk Factors – Spanish tax rules”.  
Wealth Tax  
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31st 
December, each year.  
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth 
Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties 
and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 would 
be subject to Wealth Tax at the applicable rates, ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., without 
prejudice to any exemption which may apply.

--- Page 184 ---
TAXATION 
184 
As a consequence of the European Court of Justice judgment (Case C-127/12), the Net Wealth Tax Law has 
been amended by Law 26/2014, of 27th November. As a result, Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are 
residents in the EU or in the European Economic Area can apply the legislation of the region in which the 
highest value of the assets and rights of the individuals (i) are located; (ii) can be exercised; or (iii) must be 
fulfilled. 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax  
The transfer of the Notes to individuals by inheritance, legacy or donation shall be subject to the general rules 
of Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish and State rules even if title passes outside Spain and neither the heir nor the beneficiary, as the case 
may be, is resident in Spain for tax purposes, without prejudice to the provisions of any DTT signed by Spain.  
The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, ranges between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
According to the Second Additional Provision of Law 29/1987 of 18th December approving the Inheritance 
and Gift Tax Law, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some Spanish regions to residents 
either in the EU or in the EEA by following certain specific rules. 
In addition, as a consequence of the judgments of the Spanish Supreme Court dated 19th February, 2018, 21st 
March, 2018 and 22nd March, 2018, the application of state regulations when the deceased, heir or donee is 
resident outside of a member state of the EU or the EEA violates Community law relating to the free 
movement of capital, such that even in such cases it would be appropriate to defend the application of regional 
regulations in the same way as if the deceased, heir or donee was resident in a member state of the EU. The 
General Directorate for Taxation has ruled in accordance with those judgements (V3151-18 and V3193-18).   
In the event that the beneficiary is an entity other than a natural person, the income obtained shall be subject to 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax, as the case may be, and without prejudice, in the latter 
event, to the provisions of any DTT that may apply.  
Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer  
Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The procedures apply to interest deriving from preference shares and 
debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period 
equal to or less than twelve months. 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007 income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, that are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), will be 
paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a 
statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement, with the following 
information:  
(i) 
identification of the securities; 
(ii) 
payment date; 
(iii) 
total amount of income paid on the relevant date; and 
(iv) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing house located outside Spain. 
In accordance with paragraphs 5 and 6 of Article 44 of RD 1065/2007, the Paying Agent should provide the 
Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The statement 
must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on the date, the entity

--- Page 185 ---
TAXATION 
185 
obliged to provide the statement fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will make a 
withholding at the general rate of 19 per cent. on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes.  
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the obliged entity provides 
the statement, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. 
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer does not accept any responsibility in relation to any failure in 
the delivery of the relevant statement by the Paying Agent in connection with each payment of interest under 
the Notes. Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner 
who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose payments are 
nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the relevant statement was not duly delivered to the 
Issuer. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding tax due 
to any failure of the Paying Agent to provide the relevant statement. 
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other 
things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will 
notify the Noteholders of such information procedures and their implications, as the Issuer may be required to 
apply withholding tax on interest payments in respect of the Notes if the Noteholders do not comply with such 
information procedures.  
Regarding the interpretation of Article 44 RD 1065/2007 and the simplified information procedures please 
refer to “Risk Factors – Spanish tax rules”. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14th February, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and participating Member States may decide not to participate.  
Spain has enacted a Financial Transaction Tax (Law 5/2020) (the Spanish FTT) as an indirect tax amounting 
to 0.2 per cent. to be charged on transactions for purchasing shares in Spanish companies for valuable 
consideration, regardless of the residence of the participants in the transactions, provided they are listed 
companies and the company’s market capitalisation is above €1,000 million. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes will not be subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 186 ---
TAXATION 
186 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described 
under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.   
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 10th July, 2020, as supplemented 
by a supplemental programme agreement dated 21st July, 2021 (such amended and restated programme 
agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase or procure subscribers for Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
“Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of its expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of 
the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the 
relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such persons may over-allot or create 
a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the 
Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. 
In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes 
in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate 
members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously 
distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The 
effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that 
which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the Issue Date. The imposition of a penalty bid may 
also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as 
to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may 
be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Under UK and EU laws and 
regulations, stabilisation activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager named in the 
applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on its behalf) and may only continue for a limited period following 
the Issue Date (or, if the ending day would be earlier, 60 days after the date of allotment) of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to 
definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person 
purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the 
same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in 
this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (ii) it is an 
Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (iii) it is outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as 
set forth below;

--- Page 188 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
188 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is a person located outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after 
the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United 
States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United 
States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. State securities laws;  
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable;  
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes;  
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING 
SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER: (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT 
IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A)) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) 
IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), 
(2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR 
TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR 
THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE 
ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE 
SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) 
PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.  
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON

--- Page 189 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
189 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES 
RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT 
OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFORE, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of 
the Notes), it will do so only (i) (A) to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in compliance with 
Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A or (C) to an 
Institutional Accredited Investor that provides a duly executed investment letter in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:  
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION, OR, IN THE CASE OF AN ISSUE 
OF NOTES ON A SYNDICATED BASIS, THE RELEVANT LEAD MANAGER, OF ALL THE 
NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART, SALES MAY NOT BE 
MADE UNLESS MADE (I) TO NON-U.S. PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
(II) TO QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS 
PURSUANT TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (III) TO INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTORS” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) THAT PROVIDE A DULY EXECUTED INVESTMENT LETTER 
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SET OUT IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT.”; and  
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.  
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the 
United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act 
are required to execute and deliver to the U.S. Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and 
delivery of an IAI Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive 
registered form, see “Form of the Notes”.  
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following:

--- Page 190 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
190 
(a) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Offering Circular and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision;  
(b) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is 
subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Offering Circular and the Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act;  
(c) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes; 
(d) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the 
economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment for an indefinite period of time;  
(e) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or 
for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, 
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control; and  
(f) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another 
Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on 
behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes.  
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes have not been or will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, in connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States 
in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under 
Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes

--- Page 191 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
191 
of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any 
other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers 
designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4).  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” and in the case of all other Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable,” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or

--- Page 192 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
192 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision,  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and  
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” and in the case of all other Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the UK:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 193 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
193 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such 
offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each other Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Spain 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each other Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes must not be offered, distributed or sold in Spain in the primary market. However, 
the Notes may be sold to Spanish resident investors in circumstances that satisfy the requirements set forth in 
the ruling of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) of 27th July, 2004. 
Notwithstanding this, the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail 
investor in Spain. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance

--- Page 194 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
194 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
No publicity of any kind shall be made in Spain. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this 
Offering Circular (including the applicable Final Terms) or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24th February, 1998, as amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11973 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Offering Circular (including the 
applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must:  
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15th February, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st 
September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO), other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “Prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous

--- Page 195 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
195 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO.  
The PRC  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC, except as permitted by the securities laws of the PRC.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer acknowledges that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of 
any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or 
modified, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA.   
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the 
SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 196 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
196 
(d) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA: Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that,: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15th June, 2018 (the FinSA) and will not 
be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to any Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to 
the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefore.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 31st January, 2018.  
Details of each issue under the Programme will be evidenced in a public deed of issue (Escritura de Emisión) 
and will be registered in the Registro Mercantil. 
Listing of Notes 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the 
date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market. The renewed listing of the Programme in respect of the Notes is expected to be granted on 
or around 21st July, 2021. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, electronic copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com: 
(a) 
the bylaws (with an accurately reproduced English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Offering 
Circular and Final Terms and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if applicable, the 
FISN and/or CFI for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in 
registered form to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for 
each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and common code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 
Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 198 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
198 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in “Risk Factors – The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is adversely affecting the 
Group”, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
the Group since 31st March, 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Group since 31st December, 2020.  
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the section entitled “Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. –Legal 
Proceedings” on page 168, there are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The current auditors of the Issuer, KPMG Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas), audited the Issuer’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial years ended 
31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018 which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS-IASB. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 199 ---
ISSUER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
U.S. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
EURO REGISTRAR  
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A 
60 Wall Street 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
New York 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
New York 10005 
Luxembourg 
United States of America 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Issuer 
as to the laws of England and Wales 
as to the laws of Spain 
Allen & Overy LLP 
J&A GARRIGUES, S.L.P. 
One Bishops Square 
Hermosilla, 3 
London E1 6AD 
28001 Madrid 
United Kingdom 
Spain 
 
 
To the Dealers as to the laws of England and Wales and as to the laws of Spain 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
C/Sauceda, 28, 
One Molesworth Street 
28050, Madrid 
Dublin 2  
Spain 
D02RF29 
 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas  
BofA Securities Europe SA  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
51 rue la Boétie 
75009 Paris  
75008 Paris 
France  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Reuterweg 16 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
CS 70052 
28001 Madrid

--- Page 200 ---
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
Spain 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
Marienturm 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
Germany 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
8 Canada Square 
38, avenue Kléber 
London E14 5HQ 
75116 Paris 
United Kingdom 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Foppingadreef 7 
Taunustor 1  
1102 BD Amsterdam 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
The Netherlands  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NATIXIS  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
75013 Paris 
Germany 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
75009 Paris 
The Netherlands 
France 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
UBS Europe SE 
Rathenauplatz 1 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Federal Republic of Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. 
Arabellastrasse 12 
1-5 rue Paul Cezanne  
81925 Munich 
75008 Paris  
Federal Republic of Germany  
France 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
550 South Tryon Street 
Charlotte, NC 28202 
United States of America 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Goodbody Listing Limited 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, D01H104 
Ireland

--- Page 201 ---
0041760-0000393 UKO2: 2002771443.21