--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
SANTANDER TOTTA, SGPS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Portugal) 
and 
 
BANCO SANTANDER TOTTA, S. A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Portugal) 
acting through its Lisbon Head Office 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
(“BST”) and Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. (“SGPS” or “ST, SGPS”) (BST and SGPS together, the “Issuers” and each, an 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 
10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the Luxembourg law relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et 
portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic 
and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuers. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for notes (“Notes”) issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official 
List. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended “MiFiD II”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 20 May 2022 in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book entry form (forma escritural) integrated in and held through Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”), 
as operator of the Portuguese centralised securities system, Central de Valores Mobiliários (“CVM”) and will be in 
nominative form (nominativas) and therefore Interbolsa, at the request of the relevant Issuer, can ask the Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the relevant Issuer. 
The CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“CBL”) 
through accounts held by Euroclear and CBL with Interbolsa Affiliate Members (as described below). 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. For discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” beginning on 
page 14 of this Base Prospectus. Investors should also see the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” beginning on page 
51 and “Taxation” beginning on page 111 in respect of procedures to be followed to receive payments under the Notes. 
Noteholders are required to take affirmative action as described herein in order to receive payments on the Notes free 
from Portuguese withholding tax. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payments under the 
Notes. 
BST has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa3” with a negative outlook from Moody’s Investors Service España, 
S.A. (“Moody’s”), “BBB” with a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), “BBB+” with a negative 
outlook from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and “A” with a stable outlook from DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). 
SGPS has been assigned a long-term debt rating of, “BBB+” with a stable outlook from Fitch.  
Each of Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).  
The ratings issued by Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited respectively in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and 
DBRS Ratings Limited are established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
by Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS may also be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies is published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
and 
by 
the 
UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(FCA) 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to any other Notes. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or 
assigned to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Dealers 
 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank  
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Santander  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 and “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European (Union) Withdrawal Act 2018 (“EUWA”). 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuers (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Under this EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), BST and 
SGPS may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined herein). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuers (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers in connection 
with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuers. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuers or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be 
filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. The Issuers may each issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market or Notes listed or admitted to trading on other stock exchanges. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”)  
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination 
of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will with respect to the EEA (i) only be 
admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an 
EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can 
have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be 
offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular 
no action has been taken by the Issuers or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes outside Luxembourg or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Singapore, 
Japan, Switzerland, UK and the EEA (including Belgium, Portugal and France) (see “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in any type of Note before they make 
their investment decision. They should make their own independent decision to invest in any type of 
Note and as to whether an investment in such Note is appropriate or proper for them based upon their 
own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as they consider necessary.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
“United States” and “U.S.” refer to the United States of America, its territories and 
possessions; 
• 
“U.S. dollars, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
• 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the UK; and 
• 
“euro”, “EUR”, “Eur” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, 
amounts shown as totals in tables or elsewhere may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party, each Issuer confirms that 
the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as each Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of 
a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 37 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM .................................................................................. 39 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.............................................................................................................................. 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 51 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 79 
IMPORTANT DEFINITIONS ......................................................................................................................... 80 
DESCRIPTION OF BST .................................................................................................................................. 81 
DESCRIPTION OF SGPS ............................................................................................................................... 94 
BUSINESS OF THE BST GROUP ............................................................................................................... 103 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 123 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allocation must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s)) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer and any relevant Dealer 
may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this summary. 
 
Issuers: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A.(“BST”). 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A.(“SGPS”). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
BST: 549300URJH9VSI58CS32  
SGPS: 5493005RLLC1P7VSVC58  
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set 
out under “Risk Factors”. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Agent 
and 
Portuguese 
Paying 
Agent: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis (subject to 
applicable tax and legal requirements).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Currencies: 
Notes can only be issued in such currencies as Interbolsa may from 
time to time accept. For the time being, Interbolsa will only settle 
and clear Notes denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, 
Japanese Yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and Canadian 
dollars. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of not less than five years. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not be 
issued with a maturity of less than 398 (three hundred and ninety 
eight) days or, in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such minimum or maximum maturity 
as may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes issued in dematerialised book-entry form (“forma 
escritural”) are and will be held through the accounts of affiliate 
members of the Portuguese central securities depositary (each an 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa”) and the manager of the Portuguese 
settlement system, Interbolsa-Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A. (“Interbolsa”), as operator and manager of the “Central de 
Valores Mobiliários” (the “CVM”) and will be nominativas and 
therefore Interbolsa, at the request of the relevant Issuer, can ask 
the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the 
identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the 
relevant Issuer. The form of the Notes is described more 
comprehensively in “Form of the Notes and Clearing System”. 
 
If TEFRA C is not applicable, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
"TEFRA not applicable". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a 
period equal to the reset period, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and as further described in the Terms and Conditions. Such 
interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or on the basis of EURIBOR (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.  
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Cash Bonds (obrigações de caixa): 
Portuguese law Notes may qualify as cash bonds (“obrigações de 
caixa”) under the terms of Decree-Law 408/91, of 17 October 1991 
(as amended), provided that certain requirements set out therein are 
met, including that (i) such Notes have a maturity of not less than 
two years, (ii) the relevant Issuer is not entitled to acquire such 
Notes before two years have elapsed since the relevant Issue Date 
and (iii) the Noteholders may not choose to redeem such Notes 
before one year has elapsed since the relevant Issue Date. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the relevant 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, who may 
determine, or (if such Independent Adviser fails to make any such 
determination or the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser) the relevant Issuer may determine, a 
Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments, as further described in Condition 4(f). 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than 15 
nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as are indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. Any early redemption of a Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note 
will be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Authority. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at a price equal to at least 100 
per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (see “Certain Restrictions” above) and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 100,000 or, where 
it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or 
a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, 
EUR 1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by the relevant Issuer, will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 of the 
Notes), subject as provided in Condition 7 of the Notes. In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 of the Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, in relation to interest 
only, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
Applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes other than Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. The terms of the Notes will contain 
a negative pledge provision as further described in Condition 3 of 
the Notes. 
Cross Default: 
Applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes other than Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. The terms of the Notes will contain 
a cross default provision as further described in Condition 9(v) of 
the Notes. 
Limited Rights of Acceleration: 
A Noteholder’s rights to accelerate Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes are 
limited to winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, as further 
described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject, except in the case of Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes, to the provisions of Condition 3 of the Notes) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and the claims of the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of payments 
pursuant thereto will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, (to 
the extent permitted by Portuguese law) rank  
(i) 
pari passu among themselves;  
(ii) 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured (subject as aforesaid) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding; and 
(iii) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) 
all subordinated obligations of or claims against the Issuer, 
present and future. 
The Senior Preferred Notes may be Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and the claims of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
respect of payments pursuant thereto will, in the event of the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
winding-up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) 
rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all other Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; 
(iii) 
junior to any present or future claims of (A) depositors of the 
Issuer and (B) any other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(iv) 
in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (A) all 
classes of share capital of the Issuer and (B) all other 
subordinated obligations or other securities of the relevant 
Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which rank, or 
are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer save that the claims of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes in respect of payments pursuant 
thereto will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, (to the 
extent permitted by Portuguese law) be wholly subordinated to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with any present or future claims of 
holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (A) all 
obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for 
any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, (B) all undated or 
perpetual subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than 
any such obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with, or in priority to, the Subordinated Notes, (C) 
all classes of share capital of the Issuer and (4) all other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading: 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
 
Each Issuer may issue Notes which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market. The applicable Final Terms will state 
whether or not the Notes issued by the relevant Issuer are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Portuguese law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, Singapore, Switzerland, Japan, UK and the EEA 
(including Belgium, Portugal and France) and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” below.  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in a 
transaction exempt from or not subject to the registration

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Accordingly, the Notes are being 
offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. There are also restrictions 
under United States tax laws on the offer or sale of the Notes.  
TEFRA C will apply to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through one or more Clearing 
Systems as specified in the applicable Final Terms. These systems 
will include those operated by CBL, Euroclear and CVM, the 
clearing system operated at Interbolsa. The appropriate Common 
Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
CBL or Interbolsa will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to any other Notes.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Representation of the holders of the 
Notes: 
Holders of the Notes may appoint a common representative.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuers becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuers 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuers’ control.  The Issuers have 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
Risk factors are presented in categories and sub-categories. In each category and sub-category, the most 
material risk factors are presented first. The assessment of materiality of the risk factors has been made by 
the Issuers as of the date of this Base Prospectus on the basis of the probability of the occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE ISSUERS, THE BST GROUP AND THE SGPS GROUP 
Risks relating to Issuers’ business and operational activities and strategy 
The Issuers are sensitive to changes in the Portuguese economy  
The Issuers, together with their respective consolidated subsidiaries (the “BST Group” and the "SGPS 
Group", as applicable), are sensitive to changes in the Portuguese economy. 
One year since the start of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, the economy is still subject to significant 
restrictions limiting freedom of movement and the free exercise of economic activity, particularly for services 
involving greater personal interaction. Consequently, in 2020, Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) in Portugal fell 
by 7.6 per cent. The renewed tightening of restrictions decreed in Portugal in mid-January 2021 to control the 
pandemic interrupted the recovery seen from the 2nd quarter of 2020, causing economic activity to decline 
once again in early 2021. The third wave of the pandemic, which hit Portugal in January, is now affecting 
central and eastern Europe, further delaying economic recovery. However, recovery is expected from the 2nd 
quarter of 2021 onwards. Furthermore, the approval and growing availability of vaccines against COVID-19 
increases the likelihood for a gradual but definitive lifting of restrictions, despite lingering concerns about the 
effectiveness of some of the vaccines against emerging new variants. In a scenario of unchanged policies, a 
growth of 3.3 per cent. is expected this year, followed by a more expressive recovery in 2022 (4.9 per cent.) 
and around 2 per cent. growth for the remaining years of the projection (until 2025). 
The effects of the pandemic were strongly reflected in Portuguese public accounts, most visibly in public debt, 
which increased by 20,514 million euros in 2020, representing 133.6 per cent. of GDP. This increase of 16.8 
percentual points (“p.p.”) of GDP in a single year contrasts sharply with the cumulative reduction of 9.3 p.p. of 
GDP achieved in the previous two years. The denominator effect (6.6 p.p. of GDP) resulting from the significant 
reduction in nominal growth, the fiscal imbalance and unfavorable deficit-debt adjustment (4.5 p.p. of GDP) 
almost entirely due to the increase in general government deposits all contributed to this deterioration. The 
impact of the support measures and the reduction of nominal GDP compared to the pre-pandemic level will 
also be felt in the budgetary balance ratio for 2021, projecting a deficit of 4.1 per cent. of GDP (which would 
have been 4.4 per cent.). Assuming the non-renewal of the restrictive measures discussed above and the 
recovery of economic activity, a reduction of the budget deficit to below 3 per cent. of GDP from 2022 onwards 
is projected over the remaining time horizon. 
In this scenario, the Portuguese economy is expected to recover to the pre-pandemic 2019 level of real GDP 
in 2022. In the medium-term, in the absence of additional policy measures, growth in economic activity should 
converge to potential GDP growth (1.7 per cent.). (Source: Conselho das Finanças Públicas, Report on 
Economic and Budgetary perspectives 2021-2025, March 2021). 
The deleveraging and financial rebalancing of all business sectors resulted in a surplus in current and capital 
accounts, in excess of 1.0 per cent. of GDP since 2013 and up to 1.4 per cent. until 2019. It fell below 1.2 per 
cent. in 2019 but remained positive at 0.1 per cent. in 2020 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Statistical Bulletin April 
2021).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events 
and trends, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as COVID-
19, in relation to which see the risk factor entitled “The COVID-19 pandemic and potential similar future 
outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to make payments under the Notes” below) all 
impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by increasing the sovereign 
debt of certain countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuers' business, results and financial condition and their ability to access capital and 
liquidity on acceptable financial terms. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuers’ ability to make payments under the Notes 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world and on 11 March 2020, the World 
Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of a pandemic. The 
outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in national and international authorities implementing numerous measures 
to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns 
of business and workplaces, and has led to materially increased volatility and declines in financial markets and 
significant worsening of the macroeconomic outlook. The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but 
could be prolonged, and even stricter measures may be put in place.  
The spread of such diseases amongst the Issuers’ employees, or within their facilities, or any quarantine 
measures affecting the Issuers’ employees, may reduce the Issuers' personnel’s ability to carry out their work, 
thus affecting the Issuers’ operations. Any quarantines or spread of virus may affect clients’ capacity to carry 
out their business operations, which may consequently adversely affect the Issuers’ own capacity to carry out 
their business as normal. The current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks may also have an 
adverse effect on the Issuers’ counterparties and/or clients, resulting in additional risks in the performance of 
the obligations assumed by them for the Issuers, as and when the same fall due, and ultimately exposing the 
Issuers to an increased number of defaults and insolvencies among their counterparties and/or clients.  
Depending on the depth and extent of the disruptive impacts, the Issuers' business and profitability will be 
affected to a greater or lesser degree. Any of the factors outlined above could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuers’ profits and financial position, thereby affecting the Issuers’ ability to make the payments under the 
Notes. 
Law no. 1-A/2020 of 19 March (“Law no. 1-A/2020”), as amended, implements exceptional and temporary 
measures to tackle the pandemic caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19. In particular, Law no. 
1-A/2020 creates a temporary regime whereby execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the 
mortgagor for permanent residence are suspended for the time being. This regime will cease to apply on the 
date to be determined via the enactment of a new decree-law declaring the end of the exceptional period of 
prevention, containment, mitigation and treatment of SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19.  
On 26 March 2020, the Portuguese Government approved Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020 of 26 March, as 
amended, establishing a temporary legal moratorium on certain financing agreements with a view to protecting 
the liquidity of companies and families (the “Temporary Legal Moratorium”). This regime entered into force 
on 27 March 2020 and was initially in effect until 30 September 2020. Its period of application was since subject 
to several extensions, and, following the approval of Decree-Law 107/2020, of 31 December 2020, interested 
entities could request access to the moratorium until 31 March 2021 for a maximum period of 9 months from 
the date of the notice of adherence. 
Following the guidance issued by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) on public and private moratoria 
applied to credit operations in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Portuguese Banking Association 
(Associação Portuguesa de Bancos) provided for two private moratoria open to natural persons, residents or 
non-residents in Portugal, one of which relates to mortgage loans and the other to non-mortgage loans (e.g. 
personal or automobile). In the case of non-mortgage loans, the moratoria agreed until 30 June 2020 are 
granted for a period of 12 months, counting from the date of the agreement. The moratoria that will be agreed 
after 30 June 2020 will end on 30 June 2021. In the case of mortgage loans, the moratoria will last until 31 
March 2021.  
The exceptional circumstances and extensive effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, together with the measures 
taken from time to time by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuers at their own initiative to 
address this situation, notably those relating to moratoria on loans granted to individuals and companies, 
permitting borrowers to postpone regular payments for certain periods, to the extent applicable, may generally 
affect the Issuers’ capacity to carry out their business as normal.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The BST Group is constrained in its ability to obtain funding in the capital markets and may depend 
on the ECB for funding and liquidity  
The European Central Bank (“ECB”) currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain 
conditions, including pledging eligible collateral. As at 31 December 2020, the ECB’s net funding (net of 
investment) to the BST Group increased to EUR 2.9 billion (December 2019: EUR 0.3 billion). 
As at 31 December 2020, the BST Group’s portfolio of securities eligible for rediscount with the ECB was of 
EUR 18.4 billion, compared to EUR 14.6 billion as at 31 December 2019.  
The ECB establishes the valuation and eligibility criteria that eligible securities must meet in order to be used 
in repo transactions with financial institutions. Downgrades of the credit rating of Portugal or Portuguese 
companies, or changes to the valuations or eligibility criteria, can have a negative impact on the portfolio of 
securities eligible for that purpose and reduce the liquidity lines available from the ECB. The amount of ECB 
funding is tied to the value of collateral provided. If the value of the BST Group’s assets declines, the amount 
of funding it can obtain from the ECB will also decline. 
The curtailment or termination of liquidity operations by the ECB, including the end of the ECB’s longer-term 
refinancing operations programme without a substitute or transitional measure, would force the BST Group to 
substitute its financing from the ECB with other potential sources of funding under unfavourable conditions or 
force the BST Group to dispose of its assets, potentially with a high discount to their book values, in order to 
comply with its obligations. In addition, changes to the ECB’s standards of eligible collateral, including 
removing asset classes from the pool of eligible assets or increasing minimum rating requirements of eligible 
assets, could result in certain instruments not being eligible as collateral for ECB funding purposes. The BST 
Group’s access to such funding could be reduced and the cost of funding could increase. The occurrence of 
any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ business activities, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
In March 2019, the ECB announced that a series of new quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(“TLTRO III”) would be launched, starting in September 2019 and ending in March 2021, each with a maturity 
of two years, to help preserve favourable bank lending conditions and the smooth transmission of monetary 
policy. On 12 March 2020, in the context of the spread of COVID-19, the ECB further announced the easing 
of conditions for TLTRO III operations. These more favourable conditions are aimed at supporting bank lending 
to those most affected by the pandemic, particularly households and small and medium-sized enterprises. The 
eased conditions include: 
(a) lower interest rates from June 2020 to June 2021 for all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that 
period; 
(b) raised borrowing allowance; and 
(c) removal of bid limit per operation on all future operations. 
On 18 March 2020, the ECB announced its decision to launch a temporary asset purchase programme of 
private and public sector securities of up to EUR 750,000,000,000 to protect monetary policy transmission in 
the Eurozone (the “PEPP”). Purchases under PEPP will be conducted until the end of 2020. The ECB also 
extended the range of eligible assets under the corporate sector purchase programme, which now includes 
non-financial commercial paper of sufficient credit quality.   
On 7 April 2020, the ECB further announced the relaxation of collateral eligibility requirements for participation 
in liquidity providing operations, including TLTRO III operations, such as: 
(a) temporary increase in the maximum share of unsecured debt instruments issued by credit institutions; 
(b) waiver of the minimum credit quality requirement for marketable debt instruments issued by Greece 
for acceptance as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations, subject to specific margin assessments; 
and 
(c) temporary increase in its risk tolerance level in credit operations through a general reduction of 
collateral valuation haircuts. 
On 30 April 2020, the ECB further eased TLTRO III operations, notably by reducing the interest rate on these 
operations from June 2020 to June 2021. The ECB also introduced a series of non-targeted pandemic 
emergency longer-term refinancing operations – seven refinancing offerings commencing in May 2020 and 
maturing from July to September 2021. 
On 10 December 2020, the Governing Council of the ECB decided that three new TLTRO III operations with 
a maturity of three years will be allotted in June, September and December 2021. It also postponed the maturity 
of the TLTRO III to June 2022. Finally, the ECB Governing Council decided to maintain, from June 2021 to

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
June 2022, the interest rate on all outstanding TLTRO III operations 50 basis points below the average rate 
applied in the Eurosystem’s main refinancing operations over the same period. 
Bearing in mind that the measures announced from 12 March 2020 are only temporary and specifically aimed 
at tackling the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy, the duration, extent and continued 
existence of ECB liquidity support cannot be predicted. If it were to be withdrawn or reduced, the Issuers would 
need to find alternative sources of funding, which may not be as attractive or even available. 
The BST Group has been introducing measures to diversify its financing sources beyond the ECB and has 
been implementing a deleveraging process by attempting to increase customer funds and reduce customer 
loans, having resumed its financing in the capital markets through the issue of covered bonds. This situation 
represents a risk of increased financing costs, particularly considering the significant difference between the 
ECB funding cost and the cost of collecting deposits and financing operations in the market, which may not be 
completely offset by the process of repricing loans.  
The Issuers' activity is subject to market risk  
 
The Issuers' net income from their assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted due to the materialisation 
of market risks. The most significant market risks the Issuers face include interest rate, foreign exchange and 
bond and equity price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest 
rate margin which is the difference between lending and borrowing costs. Current structural market conditions, 
with low/negative interest rates and increased medium-term funding costs, may negatively impact the Issuers’ 
operating income. 
 
The Issuers' results of operations depend on the level of their net interest income, which is the difference 
between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuers' control, including deregulation of the 
financial sector, monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions among other 
factors (see the risk factor entitled "Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the 
Issuers’ business" below). 
 
Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and 
may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. In the ordinary course of their business, the Issuers only 
have a small percentage of their assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro. 
Fluctuations in the value of the euro against other currencies may positively or adversely affect the Issuers' 
profitability. The value of the euro against the U.S. dollar may affect earnings from the Issuers' international 
operations. These foreign exchange fluctuations and the performance of financial markets may cause changes 
in the value of the Issuers' investment and trading portfolios and may adversely impact the Issuers' business. 
The Issuers have implemented risk management policies to mitigate and control these and other market risks 
to which the Issuers are exposed and such exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is 
difficult to accurately predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate their effects on the 
Issuers' business activity, financial condition and the results of their operations. 
 
The Issuers currently engage in various treasury activities for their own account, including placing euro and 
foreign currency-denominated deposits in the inter-bank market and trading in the primary and secondary 
markets for government securities. Proprietary trading includes taking positions in the fixed income and equity 
markets using cash, derivative products and financial instruments. Although the Issuers' level of engagement 
in such activities is limited, proprietary trading involves a degree of risk. Future proprietary trading results will 
in part depend on market conditions and any losses experienced by the Issuers could adversely affect their 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuers are exposed to the depreciation of real estate assets 
Mortgage lending represented around 48.5 per cent. of BST’s credit portfolio in 2020 (compared with 48.8 per 
cent. in 2019). Therefore, the Issuers are highly exposed to the Portuguese real estate market, both directly 
through assets related to their operations or obtained in lieu of payment, and indirectly through properties 
securing loans or the funding of real estate promotion projects. This makes the Issuers vulnerable to house 
prices in Portugal and to a depression in the Portuguese real estate market, as it could lead to reduced 
recoveries on real estate assets held as collateral in the event of customer default. 
The residential real estate market in Portugal in general, or in any particular region may from time to time suffer 
from a decline in economic conditions, notably increased unemployment and disruption in the mortgage 
lending market and in the housing markets and, consequently, may experience higher rates of default on 
mortgage loans. In addition, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
(such as COVID-19), or the fear of such crises, may weaken economic conditions and lead to a decline in the 
value of real estate located in regions affected by such events. The COVID-19 pandemic is having a negative 
effect on the Portuguese economy (see the risk factor entitled see the risk factor entitled “The COVID-19 
pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to make 
payments under the Notes” above). This may reduce the financial resources available for individuals and 
businesses to purchase or invest in real estate property and for individuals to service their mortgage loans, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuers' business activities, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Economic or political developments beyond the Issuers’ control or a significant devaluation of prices in the 
Portuguese real estate market may increase non-performing loans and decrease the value of the BST Group 
and the SGPS Group’s loan portfolio. This scenario could lead to impairment losses in the assets held directly 
by the Issuers and lower recovery on mortgage loans in cases where mortgage loans need to be enforced and 
the relevant properties sold to satisfy the Issuers' credit entitlements. The occurrence of any of these events 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ business activities, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Because the Issuers operate in highly competitive markets, including their home market, they may not 
be able to increase or maintain their market share, which may have an adverse effect on their results 
Although the Issuers believe that they hold a strong position, there is substantial competition in the markets in 
which the Issuers operate (including, among others, banking, leasing, insurance, investment banking, 
specialised credit and asset management). Customer loyalty and retention can be influenced by a number of 
factors, including brand recognition, reputation, relative service levels, the prices and attributes of products 
and services, scope of distribution, credit ratings and actions taken by existing or new competitors (including 
non-bank or financial technology competitors). A decline in the Issuers’ competitive position could adversely 
impact their ability to maintain or further increase their market share, which would in turn adversely affect their 
results.  
The principal competitors of the BST Group and the SGPS Group in the banking sector (ranking in terms of 
assets as at 31 December 2020) are Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. (“CGD”), the Millennium BCP Group, the 
Novo Banco Group and the BPI Group. 
Competition could also increase due to the market entry of new players with new operating models who are 
not burdened by potentially costly legacy operations. These new competitors may use new technologies, 
advanced data and analytic tools, and have a lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory burden and/or faster 
processes to challenge traditional banks. Technological developments have accelerated the adoption of new 
business models and the Issuers may not be successful in adapting to this rapid pace of change or may incur 
significant costs as a result. In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector, resulting 
from new banking, lending and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents and new challengers, 
particularly with respect to payment services and products, and the introduction of disruptive technology, may 
impede the Issuers’ ability to grow or retain their market share with a resulting impact on their revenues and 
profitability. 
The Issuers may be unable to issue certain own funds and eligible liability instruments and therefore 
be either unable to meet their capital requirements/MREL or required to meet their capital 
requirements/MREL through more costly instruments 
The Issuers can issue Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments to meet their minimum total capital ratio 
requirement or other regulatory eligible instruments to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (“MREL”). However, these instruments may be viewed by investors as riskier than other debt 
instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed coupon payments, conversion into capital 
instruments and lack of available distributable items. Investor appetite for these instruments may thus decline 
in the future, which could render the Issuers unable to place them in the market. In this case, the Issuers would 
have to issue Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital to meet the above mentioned regulatory requirements 
or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory eligible instruments that would entail an associated coupon 
expense which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuers' business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU on the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy was 
transposed into the Portuguese legal framework by Law no. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019 which, in addition to 
governing the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, providing greater legal 
certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits vis-a-vis senior 
debt.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The Issuers have been notified by the Bank of Portugal of the Single Resolution Board's decision regarding 
the minimum requirement for MREL for the resolution group headed by SGPS. 
The MREL requirement has been set at 10.12 per cent. of the total liabilities and own funds of the resolution 
group (headed by SGPS), based on the data of 31 December 2017 and still accurate as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which is equivalent to 23.10 per cent. of its Risk Weighted Assets (“RWA”). Moreover, the 
Issuers have been informed that the MREL requirement needs to be met by 1 January 2022. 
This is fully aligned with the Issuers' expectations and generally consistent with the funding projections already 
included in the Issuers' strategic plan for the 2019-2022 period. 
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC (as defined below) standard 
and to integrate the TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules (the “TLAC/MREL Requirements”), 
thereby avoiding duplication from the application of two parallel requirements. Although TLAC and MREL 
pursue the same regulatory objective, they are constructed differently. The EU Banking Reforms integrate the 
TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules to ensure that both requirements are met with largely similar 
instruments, with the exception of the subordination requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and 
determined by the resolution authority. Under the EU Banking Reforms, institutions such as BST would 
continue to be subject to an institution-specific MREL requirement, which may be higher than the Pillar 1 
TLAC/MREL Requirements for Global Systematically Important Institutions (“G-SIIs”) contained in the EU 
Banking Reforms. Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the characteristics of the 
credit entity (they apply to the resolution institution or resolution group, as entities subject to resolution following 
a Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD2 
together with CRR II (as defined below) introduce a relevant change in compliance with MREL, which now 
includes two ratios: (i) a risk ratio (percentage of total RWA of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio 
(percentage of the resolution entity's total leverage exposure), and empower the relevant resolution authority 
to authorise or require (a) compliance with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (not 
foreseen in the previous MREL rules) and (b) that a certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution 
entity be subject to bail-in. 
The EU Banking Reforms introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules, ensuring technical 
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Implementation of the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 
2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to 
comply with its TLAC/MREL Requirements should be addressed by the relevant authorities based on their 
powers to address or remove impediments to resolution, the exercise of their supervisory powers and their 
power to impose early intervention measures, administrative penalties and other measures. If there is a 
shortfall in an institution's level of eligible liabilities and own funds, and its own funds are otherwise contributing 
to the “combined buffer requirement”, those funds will be automatically used to meet the institution's MREL 
requirement instead. This may prevent the institution from meeting its “combined buffer requirement”. Such 
failure, considered in addition to the TLAC/MREL Requirements, would require such institution to calculate its 
Maximum Distributable Amount, with the relevant resolution authority imposing (subject to a potential 9 months 
grace period) restrictions to making (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) payments in respect of variable 
remuneration or discretionary pension revenues, and (iii) distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 instruments 
(“Discretionary Payments”) above the Maximum Distributable Amount.  
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience of the 
financial sector and preventing systemic risk. As such, upon the transposition of the EU Banking Reforms, the 
Issuers must fully comply with their “combined buffer requirement” in addition to its TLAC/MREL Requirements. 
Failure to comply with these buffers implies restrictions on Discretionary Payments as well as an obligation to 
submit to the competent authorities a capital conservation plan within five business days of the breach. 
Liquidity risks resulting from the Issuers' short-term liabilities towards their customers and new 
liquidity requirements may affect the Issuers' profitability and lead to an increase in their financing 
costs 
The Issuers’ primary source of funds has traditionally been their retail deposit base (savings, current and term 
deposits). The Issuers’ other funding sources include medium and long-term bond issues, commercial paper 
and medium-term structured products, as well as receivables originated for some securitisation transactions 
still in place. The Issuers have also borrowed money in the money markets. In a scenario where Issuers are 
unable to access wholesale market funding for short, medium or long-term funding, their liquidity operations 
with the ECB become increasingly important.  
Since the Issuers rely on the aforementioned sources for funding, there is no assurance that, in the event of a 
sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the market in which they operate, the Issuers will be able to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
maintain their levels of funding without incurring higher funding costs or resorting to the liquidation of certain 
assets.  
Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of short and medium/long-term liquidity coverage 
ratios, known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR 
addresses the sufficiency of high quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs in a severe stress 
scenario.  
The LCR of BST, computed in line with the CRD IV standards, was 121.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. 
BST does not yet disclose its NSFR given that the applicable calculation rules are not fully regulated by the 
competent regulatory authorities. The final definition of NSFR, approved by the Basel Committee in October 
2014, has not yet come into effect, although it has already been introduced into the CRR. A management limit 
of 100 per cent. on an ongoing basis was defined.  
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced that institutions would be allowed to substantially and temporarily use 
their liquidity buffers, including LCR, as part of a package of measures to mitigate the negative effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the real economy (see the risk factors entitled “The Issuer is sensitive to changes in 
the Portuguese economy” and “The COVID-19 pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to make payments under the Notes”). The Issuers’ LCR may reduce 
significantly during 2021, possibly below 100 per cent. Should this occur or be expected to occur at any time, 
the Issuers will have to submit to the competent authorities a plan for the timely restoration of compliance with 
the legally prescribed minimum ratios. 
The Issuers’ fulfilment of liquidity ratios may lead to the constitution of portfolios with high liquidity assets but 
low profitability. It may also lead to an increase in their financing costs, since the ratios favour long-term over 
short-term financing. These changes may have a negative impact on the Issuers' results of operations. 
The impact on the Issuers of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the Bank of Portugal’s decision on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco Espírito 
Santo, S.A. (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to Novo Banco, S.A., a bridge bank specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law 31- A/2012 of 10 
February 2012 (the “Portuguese Resolution Fund”).  
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif, which resulted in BST’s 
acquisition of a set of rights and obligations, comprised of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets 
under the management of Banif. This operation involved an estimated public support of EUR 2,255 million to 
cover future contingencies, of which EUR 489 million were supported by the Portuguese Resolution Fund and 
EUR 1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State. Banif was sold to BST for EUR 150 million on 20 December 
2015. 
The Portuguese Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from its participating institutions (including BST) 
and from the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of EUR 4.9 billion. Of this amount, EUR 
300 million corresponded to the Portuguese Resolution Fund’s own financial resources, EUR 3.9 billion 
resulted from a loan granted by the Portuguese State (the “2014 Portuguese State Loan”), and EUR 700 
million from a loan granted by credit institutions that are members of the Portuguese Resolution Fund, including 
the Issuers (the “Participants’ Loan”). As of 31 December 2020, BST had financed EUR 139.2 million of this 
syndicated loan, which corresponds to 19.9 per cent. thereof. The Issuers' pro rata share in the Portuguese 
Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuers' liabilities and own funds, when compared 
to the other institutions participating in the Portuguese Resolution Fund. Contributions to the Portuguese 
Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, systemic relevance and solvency position of each 
participating institution. This number varies over time and it is thus difficult to determine the Issuers' exact 
participation at any given point in time. 
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 
32/2020 for 2021, the rate has been set at 0.060 per cent. 
The final impact on the Issuers of the resolution measures applied to BES and/or Banif, or of any other 
resolution measure applied, cannot be anticipated. 
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, human 
error, changes in operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with 
which the Issuers do business, may adversely impact their reputation, business and results

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
The Issuers face the risk of the design and operating effectiveness of their controls and procedures being 
inadequate. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuers’ business because their consolidated operations are 
highly dependent on computerised record-keeping, financial reporting and other systems, including point of 
sale monitoring and internal accounting systems, particularly following the centralisation of the Issuers’ 
information technology systems. Increased digital interconnectivity across the BST Group and the SGPS 
Group, their respective customers and suppliers, and the need for resilient IT systems, including hardware, 
software, cloud computing services and cyber-security, remains an evolving risk to financial institutions, 
including the Issuers. Consequently, the Issuers continually monitor these risks using advanced administrative 
and information systems and have insurance coverage for certain operational risks. 
The Issuers routinely transmit, receives and stores personal, confidential and proprietary information by email 
and other electronic means. Although the Issuers safeguard their systems and processes, losses may result 
from under-trained or under-skilled personnel, IT failures, illegitimate access, cyber-attacks, inadequate or 
failed internal control processes and systems, regulatory or security breaches, human error, employee 
misconduct including fraud, natural disasters or other external events that interrupt normal business 
operations. Such losses may adversely affect their reputation, business and results.  
The Issuers are subject to increasing regulatory requirements, including those foreseen in Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons 
with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, repealing Directive 
95/46/EC, as amended (the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR")), which entered into force on 25 
May 2018. The implementation and compliance with this regulation (and any additional national legislation 
passed in the context of the GDPR, including Law no. 58/2019, of 8 August) is complex and entails significant 
costs and time, given that the GDPR has introduced substantial changes to data protection standards. 
The Issuers' reputation is one of their most important assets and contributes to their ability to attract and retain 
customers and conduct business with their counterparties. Reputational risk is the probability of negative 
impacts on the Issuers due to an unfavourable public image of the Issuers among their customers, suppliers, 
analysts, employees, investors, the media, any other bodies with which the Issuers interact, and the public in 
general. 
Reputational issues may arise from the breach (or perceived breach) of legal and regulatory requirements, 
potential conflicts of interest, operational failures, unethical behaviour and lack of commitment to 
environmental, social and governance considerations. 
Although the Issuers continually monitor this risk, they cannot assure potential investors that they will be able 
to foresee the occurrence of reputational issues and avoid its negative consequences. Any failure to address 
reputational risks or any other relevant issues appropriately could make customers, depositors and investors 
unwilling to do business with the Issuers, which could adversely affect their business, financial condition and 
results of operations and could damage their relationships with their regulators. 
The Issuers are exposed to the risk of their customers being unable to meet their commitments as and 
when they fall due  
Risks arising from adverse changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in the Issuers' businesses (see the risk factor entitled “The inability of 
counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the Issuers’ inability to fully enforce their rights against 
counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ results”). The Issuers are particularly 
exposed to the risk of their customers being unable to meet their commitments as and when they fall due. If 
the value of the collateral securing the Issuers' loan portfolio declines, the Issuers will be exposed to a higher 
credit risk and increased risk of non-performing loans. The Issuers cannot guarantee adequate proceeds from 
collateral disposals to cover any loan losses.  
As at 31 December 2020, the non-performing exposure ratio (as per the EBA definition) represented 2.6 per 
cent. of the total credit portfolio (compared to 3.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and the non-performing 
exposure coverage ratio stood at 66.8 per cent. (compared to 53.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
The Issuers cannot guarantee an adequate level of provisions and other reserves and that they will not have 
to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses in the future. 
Risks relating to the rules governing the formation of impairments and provisions could adversely 
affect the Issuers’ results, financial condition or regulatory capital position 
IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ became effective on 1 January 2018 and resulted in loan loss provisions being 
recognised earlier, on a more forward-looking basis and including a broader scope of financial instruments 
than was previously the case under IAS 39. IFRS 9 introduced new requirements as regards (i) classification 
and measurement of financial assets and liabilities, (ii) measurement and recognition of credit impairment on

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
financial assets through an expected-loss model, and (iii) hedge accounting. The Issuers adopted IFRS 9, 
using the modified retrospective transition regime, which allowed them not to restate comparable amounts and 
register the cumulative effects of the appreciation of financial assets and liabilities against retained earnings. 
These effects resulted primarily from the recognition of expected loan losses, the revaluation of units and 
equity instruments at fair value and changes in the classification of financial assets in the Issuers' business 
model. Any change in the applicable requirements of IFRS 9, including as a result of choices made by the 
Issuers, could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations. 
As a result of applying IFRS 9, there may be a material impact on the models used to calculate loan loss 
provisions under IFRS 9, which may cause more volatility in, or higher levels of, loan loss provisions, any of 
which could adversely affect the Issuers’ results, financial condition or regulatory capital position. 
Risks relating to the financial markets  
The inability of counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the Issuers’ inability to fully enforce 
their rights against counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ results 
The Issuers’ business operations involve entering into contractual arrangements with customers, suppliers, 
financing partners, reinsurers, trading counterparties, securities lending and repurchase counterparties, 
counterparties under swaps, credit default and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing 
houses and other financial intermediaries, which expose the Issuers to counterparty risks.  
Counterparties’ failure to comply with their obligations towards the Issuers due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, 
economic downturns, low oil or other commodity prices, operational failure or other factors, or even rumours 
of potential default, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ results, financial condition and liquidity.  
The Issuers execute a high volume of transactions with customers and counterparties in the financial services 
industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, insurance 
companies, institutional clients, futures clearing merchants, swap dealers, among others, resulting in large 
periodic settlement amounts and potential credit exposure to one or more such counterparties or customers. 
As such, the Issuers could face concentration risk with respect to liabilities or amounts they expect to collect 
from specific counterparties and customers.  
The Issuers are also subject to the risk of their rights against third parties not being enforceable in all 
circumstances. Deterioration in the credit quality of third parties with securities or obligations held by the 
Issuers could result in losses and/or adversely affect their ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those 
securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. A significant downgrade in their counterparties’ credit ratings 
could also have a negative impact on the Issuers’ income and risk weighting, leading to increased capital 
requirements. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral could subject the Issuers to claims, 
keeping in mind that bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of 
collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could 
materially and adversely affect the Issuers’ business and results. 
Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the Issuers’ business  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuers’ control, including the deregulation of the 
financial sector, monetary policies, and both domestic and international economic and political conditions. The 
Issuers’ results of operations, financial condition and return on capital are affected by volatility in interest rates.  
In an environment of increasing interest rates, borrowers seeking to avoid increased monthly payments by 
refinancing their mortgage loans may no longer be able to do so at comparably low interest rates. Conversely, 
a prolonged period of low interest rates could reduce incentives for the Issuers’ customers to save, reducing 
the Issuers’ funding from deposits.  
Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates charged by the Issuers on their interest earning 
assets differently from the interest rates they pay on their interest-bearing liabilities. This puts pressure on the 
Issuers’ net interest income and margins and could adversely affect their business and financial performance. 
Risks connected with the political and economic decisions of EU and Eurozone countries and the UK 
leaving the EU (“Brexit”) 
On 31 January 2020 at 11pm (GMT) (“exit day”), the UK left the EU. Prior to exit day and pursuant to Articles 
126 and 127 of the withdrawal agreement between the UK and the EU (the “Withdrawal Agreement”), the 
UK entered an implementation period (“IP”) focused on negotiating the terms of its future relationship with the 
EU. During this period which ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm (“IP completion day”), EU law generally 
continued to apply in the UK. Following negotiations, on 24 December 2020, the UK and EU concluded a free 
trade agreement known as the ‘EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement’ (the “TCA”), to govern the future 
relations between the EU and the UK following the end of the transition period. The TCA was signed on 30

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
December 2020. The TCA has provisional application until the EU and UK complete their ratification 
procedures. On 29 April 2021, the EU Council ratified the TCA. The TCA does not create a detailed framework 
to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU 
into the UK. Following the IP Completion Day, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The EUWA (as amended by the European 
Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning 
statute book in the UK.  
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the TCA by the EU and the 
UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard to 
the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. There is a risk of one or more EU Member States 
deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States 
that adopted the Euro as their national currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A materialisation of these 
risks could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and the stability of international 
financial markets. This could include further volatility in equity markets and in the value of pounds sterling 
and/or the Euro, a reduction in global market liquidity with a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating 
results and capital, and the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Furthermore, if 
an EU Member State that adopted the Euro as its national currency decides to exit the Eurozone and adopt 
an alternative currency, there is uncertainty regarding how a Member State would carry out such exit and 
subsequently manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the exchange rate between 
the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the 
EU’s economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating 
new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and considerable changes to 
financial activities both at market and retail level. This situation could have a negative impact on the Issuers’ 
operating results and capital and financial position and/or the Issuers’ ability to pay interest and repay principal 
under the Notes, as well as the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Legal and Regulatory risks 
The Issuers are subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the 
procedures and measures available for any resolution of the Issuers, including the bail-in tool  
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a Directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip national 
authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms and to 
minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include: 
(a) preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for banks to have recovery and 
resolution plans); 
(b) early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
(c) resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services and 
manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the 
authorities consider an institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to public 
interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 
March, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory intervention and 
resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail when, 
in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending Regulation (EU) 
No 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the Bank of Portugal’s powers as resolution authority in relation to certain 
credit institutions, including the Issuers, were transferred to the resolution authority within the Banking Union 
established by the SRM Regulation - the “Single Resolution Board”. 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
(i) 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares 
or other ownership instruments or of some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution 
under resolution, without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the 
acquirer;  
(ii) 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution 
under resolution are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party;  
(iii) 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): 
transfer, by decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution 
under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without 
the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other 
than the bridge institution. Asset management vehicles are legal persons fully or partially 
owned by the relevant resolution fund; 
(iv) 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law (other than, for instance, 
covered deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds). In exceptional 
circumstances, when the bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or 
partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. 
This exception shall apply when strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the 
specific requirements provided by law. Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if 
the resolution authority considers that an institution and/or certain other members of the 
institution's group meet the following conditions (“Resolution Conditions”): (a) they are failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that such failure will be avoided within a 
reasonable timeframe by the adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other 
members of its group, the application of early intervention measures or of a Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption Measure (as defined below), (c) a resolution action pursues any of the public 
interests listed below and (d) which would not be pursued more effectively by the 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses 
are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of creditors 
under normal insolvency proceedings. Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of an 
institution’s shareholders or of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and 
assets under management to be sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on shareholders 
and on the BST Group’s expected returns and an indirect impact through changes to the institution’s business 
activities.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the Issuers), 
such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including limiting its 
capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the cancellation, 
modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Notes and/or in other 
modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Programme Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools, where the resolution 
authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the resolution authority 
to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding the 
specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to exercise the 
bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity (CET1 instruments) capital instruments such as Tier 2 
instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or such 
institution's group and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is when any of the following conditions is met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer be 
viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the resolution 
tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of the BST Group’s entities could 
have a material adverse impact on the Issuers’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory conversion 
tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, 
significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity 
could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
Issuers’ ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consider 
the risk of losing their full investment, including principal and any accrued interest, if resolution measures are 
applied. 
The Issuers are subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, 
which may change 
The Issuers operate in a highly regulated industry and, accordingly, could be adversely affected by regulatory 
changes in Portugal, the EU or foreign countries in which they operate. Although the Issuers work closely with 
their regulators and continually monitor this situation, future changes in regulation, taxation or other policies 
can be unpredictable and are beyond their control. Extensive regulation by the ECB, the EBA and the Bank of 
Portugal could hinder the Issuers’ growth by increasing compliance costs and/or reducing profitability.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 October 
2014, and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) no. 648/2012 
(as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR reinforced the 
capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g. CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total 
ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general rules, supervision powers 
and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having also introduced the following 
additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1:  
(a) capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the conditions 
to be established by the competent authorities; and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
(c) systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 3.5 per 
cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 2 per cent. of 
RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. 
of RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
As at 31 December 2020, BST had had a CET1 ratio and Tier 1 ratio of 20.8 per cent. and 20.8 per cent. 
respectively, which compares with 15.1 per cent. and 15.1 per cent. respectively in the equivalent period of 
2019. For more information regarding the solvency ratios please see the section “Description of BST – 
Solvency Ratios”. 
In the exercise of its powers as national macro-prudential authority, the Bank of Portugal decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount, with effect from 1 January 2016. 
This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit institutions and 
investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or the ECB (Single Supervisory 
Mechanism), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the countercyclical buffer was on 31 March 
2021, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the total risk exposure amount for the second quarter of 2021. 
This decision is reviewed on a quarterly basis.  
Further to a notification of the ECB, the Bank of Portugal imposed capital buffers on credit institutions identified 
as systemically important institutions (“O-SIIs”). For that purpose, on 30 November 2017, the Bank of Portugal 
published a table identifying the banking groups classified as O-SIIs and the respective capital buffers, as a 
percentage of total RWA. Simultaneously, the Bank of Portugal also published a more detailed document on 
the methodology for the identification and calibration of the O-SIIs buffer. 
SGPS is currently in compliance with the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). According to 
the notification served by the ECB in December 2020, the minimum own funds requirements to be observed 
from the referred date, calculated as a ratio of total RWA, are as follows: 
 
 
Phased-in 
 
 
 
 
of which: 
 
 
2021 
Pillar 1  
Pillar 2  
Buffers  
CET1 
 
8.219%  
4.500%  
0.844%  
2.875%  
T1 
 
10.000%  
6.000% 
1.125%  
2.875%  
Total 
 
12.375%  
8.000%  
1.500%  
2.875%  
 
As at 31 December 2020, SGPS had a CET1 ratio of 20.8 per cent. (fully implemented), a Tier 1 ratio of 20.8 
per cent., and a total capital ratio of 23.1 per cent., in compliance with all the capital ratios required by the ECB 
under SREP. 
With a view to incorporating flexibility to accounting and prudential rules, the European Commission proposed 
a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to maximise banks’ ability 
to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 2020/873 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 24 June, entered into force setting out exceptional temporary measures to 
alleviate the immediate negative impact of COVID-19 related developments, by adapting the timeline of 
application of international accounting standards to banks' capital, by treating more favourably public 
guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer, by 
setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central 
government debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by modifying the exclusion of certain 
exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, by advancing the date of application of several agreed 
measures that encourage banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects, and by aligning the 
minimum coverage requirements for non-performing loans that benefit from public guarantees with those 
benefitting from guarantees granted by official export credit agencies. 
In order to comply with the applicable ratios, the BST Group may be requested in the future to issue additional 
liabilities subject to bail-in provisions. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements 
(as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial 
holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, and capital conservation measures (as 
amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduce a new market risk framework, revisions to the large 
exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that institutions are not overly reliant on short-
term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 
2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD IV and requires national transposition of the majority of 
its provisions by 28 December 2020.  
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and the 
use of standardised models, rather than banks' internal models, for the calculation of capital requirements. 
Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions will also be subject to more burdensome capital and 
other legal requirements, as these become applicable. The BRRD2 should have been transposed into 
domestic laws by 28 December 2020. Certain of the BRRD2's requirements relate to the implementation of 
the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The TLAC standard 
requires global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities (as a 
percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). In addition to 
the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on 
technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
(“DGSD II”). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section 
covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' 
experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, 
notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) 
depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth 
quarter of 2021. Nevertheless, the European Commission launched a general public consultation on 25 
February 2021, which will be open until 20 May 2021. 
Consequently, the Issuers could face more intense and complex regulation, increasing their compliance costs. 
If the Issuers are required to raise their regulatory capital but are unable to do so on acceptable terms, they 
may have to reduce their RWA and possibly dispose of core or other non-core businesses in unfavourable 
terms, including at lower prices. Changes to the manner in which regulatory capital is calculated could 
adversely affect the Issuers’ current capital ratios. 
The Issuers’ continued implementation of these measures may also have a significant impact on their capital 
and on their assets and liabilities management, as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of 
transactions in which the Issuers participate, or introduce changes to the fees and commissions charged by 
the Issuers on certain loans or other products. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuers’ business, financial condition and on the results of their operations. 
The EU has adopted a deposit guarantee scheme directive that may result in additional costs to the 
BST Group 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 providing 
for the establishment of deposit guarantee schemes (the “recast DGSD”) and introducing harmonised funding 
requirements (including risk-based levies), protection for certain types of temporary high balances, a reduction 
in pay-out deadlines, harmonisation of eligibility categories (including an extension of scope to cover deposits 
by most companies regardless of size) and new disclosure requirements throughout the EU, entered into force. 
The recast DGSD was transposed into Portuguese law through Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as 
amended by Law no. 66/2015, of 6 July 2015.  
Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, as amended, establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund. 
As a result of these developments, the BST Group may incur additional costs and liabilities. The indirect costs 
of the deposit guarantee systems may also be significant, even if they are much lower than the direct 
contributions to the fund, as in the case of the costs associated with the provision of detailed information to 
clients about products, as well as compliance with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other 
products similar to deposits.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Claims of Noteholders under Senior Preferred Notes issued by SGPS are effectively subordinated to 
those of certain other creditors of SGPS and to creditors of SGPS’s subsidiaries 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by SGPS under the Programme will be unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of SGPS. Such Notes will rank equally with all of SGPS’s other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness; however, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to SGPS’s secured indebtedness, if any, to 
the extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain preferential 
obligations under Portuguese law. 
Generally, lenders and trade and other creditors of SGPS's subsidiaries are entitled to payment of their claims 
from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets would be available for distribution to SGPS, as direct 
or indirect shareholder, which would then allow for SGPS to make payments under the Notes. Any debt that 
the SGPS's subsidiaries may incur in the future will also be entitled to payment, and any assets of the 
subsidiaries will only be available for distribution to SGPS, on the same terms. 
A significant part of the BST Group's assets and revenues are generated by SGPS’s subsidiaries, including 
BST. The subsidiaries are legally separated from SGPS and the subsidiaries' ability to make distributions to 
SGPS is restricted by, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions and local law. 
Furthermore, in the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to one of the subsidiaries, all 
creditors of such subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before 
SGPS, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any distributions from the subsidiary. Thus, in particular, in case 
of insolvency/liquidation/similar event of BST, the assets of BST will only be available to be upstreamed (if 
any) as shareholding distributions to SGPS (and thereby available to be used to pay SGPS creditors, including 
holders of SGPS Notes) after no further BST assets are required to pay BST creditors (including holders of 
Notes issued by BST). 
If, in relation to any particular issue of Notes, the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at 
its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes) bear a variable interest income. A 
holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in 
advance. Interest on Floating Rate Notes may be payable plus or minus a margin. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will reset on each 
Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and 
could affect the market value of Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date and with such sum converted as described in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest 
or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). 
The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset 
Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
If, in relation to any particular issue of Notes, the relevant Issuer has the right to convert the interest 
rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market 
and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the relevant Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and the rights of the holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank 
junior in priority of payment to the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. Accordingly, no payments of amounts due under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be made to the Noteholders in the event of insolvency or winding-up of such 
Issuer (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) except where all sums due from such Issuer in respect of 
the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations are paid in full, as more fully described in Condition 2(b). See “The Issuers are subject 
to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures and measures available 
for any resolution of the Issuers, including the bail-in tool” above.  
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose 
all or some of its investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant 
Issuer. 
The obligations of the relevant Issuer under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and the rights 
of the holders of any Subordinated Notes will rank junior in priority of payment to the claims of all Senior 
Creditors (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) of such Issuer. Accordingly, no payments of amounts due 
under the Subordinated Notes will be made to the Noteholders in the event of insolvency or winding-up of such 
Issuer (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) except where all sums due from such Issuer in respect of 
the claims of all Senior Creditors of that Issuer are paid in full, as more fully described in Condition 2(c). See 
“The Issuers are subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures 
and measures available for any resolution of the Issuers, including the bail-in tool” above. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Events of Default in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
The only Event of Default in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes is set out in Condition 9(b). The sole remedy against the relevant Issuer available to 
any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings for the winding-up of such Issuer and/or proving in any winding-up of such Issuer. 
As such, the remedies available to holders of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes are more limited than those typically available to holders of senior-ranking 
securities, including Senior Preferred Notes which are not Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, which may 
make enforcement more difficult. 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
As provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in respect of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only, no Noteholder, who shall in the event of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of an Issuer be indebted to such Issuer, may at any time exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed by it to the relevant Issuer arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes and Noteholders shall be deemed to have waived all Set-Off Rights (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential 
rights, claims and liabilities. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
The relevant Issuer’s obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding 
or deduction in respect of Portuguese taxes on any payments under the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of 
interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the relevant Issuer would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts under the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders 
may receive less than the full amount of principal due under the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes upon redemption, and the market value of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be adversely affected. 
Because the Notes are held through accounts of affiliate members of Interbolsa, investors will have to 
rely on various procedures applied by Interbolsa 
(a) 
Form and Transfer of the Notes 
Notes held through accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa will be represented in dematerialised 
book entry form (forma escritural) and will be nominativas and therefore Interbolsa, at the request of 
the relevant Issuer, can ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity 
of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the relevant Issuer. The Notes shall not be issued 
in documentary (materialised) form (forma titulada), whether definitive or global. The Notes will be 
registered in the issue account opened by the relevant Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in control 
accounts by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant Noteholders. Such control 
accounts will reflect at all times the aggregate number of Notes held in the individual securities 
accounts opened by the clients of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa which include Euroclear and 
CBL. The transfer of Notes and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa. 
(b) 
Payment Procedures of the Notes 
In respect of the Notes, payment of principal and interest: (i) in euros will be: (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese paying agent (the “Portuguese 
Paying Agent”) acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer from the payment current account which the 
Portuguese Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the 
Portuguese Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa to the 
payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa 
by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such 
Notes and thereafter; (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and CBL 
to the accounts with Euroclear and CBL of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
than euros in respect of the Notes will be: (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the 
procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying 
Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), 
managed by CGD, to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and 
thereafter; (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and CBL to the accounts with Euroclear 
and CBL of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the case may be. 
The Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. The 
relevant Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in 
respect of beneficial interests in the Notes. 
(c) 
Notice to the Noteholders 
Notices to the Noteholders shall comply with the Portuguese law requirements that may be applicable, 
namely pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code and CMVM Regulation 5/2008, as amended, and 
by any other way which complies with Portuguese Securities Code and Interbolsa’s rules on notices 
to investors, notably the disclosure of information through the CMVM official website (www.cmvm.pt).  
Meetings of holders of the Notes are governed by the Portuguese Companies Code (“Código das 
Sociedades Comerciais”) 
Meetings may be convened by the common representative (if any) or, if (i) no common representative has 
been appointed or (ii) if appointed, the relevant common representative has failed to convene a meeting, by 
the chairman of the general meeting of shareholders of the relevant Issuer, and shall be convened if requested 
by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum required for a meeting convened to pass a resolution other than an extraordinary resolution will 
be any person or persons holding or representing Notes then outstanding, regardless of the principal amount 
thereof; and the quorum required for a meeting convened to pass an extraordinary resolution will be a person 
or persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Notes then outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, any person or persons holding or representing any of the Notes then outstanding, regardless of the 
principal amount thereof. 
The number of votes required to pass a resolution other than an extraordinary resolution is a majority of the 
votes cast at the relevant meeting; the majority required to pass an extraordinary resolution, including, without 
limitation, a resolution relating to the modification or abrogation of certain of the provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, is at least 50 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two-thirds of the votes cast at the relevant meeting and, in respect of a resolution regarding an 
increase in the obligations of the Noteholders, by all Noteholders. Resolutions passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting or have voted 
against the approved resolutions. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain or refer to provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime  
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see further 
“The Issuers are subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures 
and measures available for any resolution of the Issuers, including the bail-in tool” above). The impact on 
investors, in a resolution scenario, depends crucially on the rank of the liability in the resolution creditor 
hierarchy. In the event of resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced to zero 
or the Notes may be converted into ordinary shares of the relevant Issuer or other instruments of ownership; 
(ii) a transfer of assets (e.g. to a bridge bank) or a sale of business may limit the capacity of the relevant Issuer 
to meet its repayment obligations; and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can 
be altered and the payments may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied 
no shareholder or creditor of the institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have losses

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
greater than it would have if the institution had entered into liquidation. Noteholders may have a right to 
compensation if the treatment they receive in resolution is less favourable than the treatment they would have 
received under normal liquidation proceedings (“no creditor worse off”). This assessment must be based on 
an independent valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as well as payment of any potential 
consideration, may be delayed and occur considerably later than contractual payment dates. 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, including the write-down or 
conversion (in whole or in part) of their Notes. Any such actions or the perceived likelihood of any such actions 
being taken may adversely impact the price or value of their investment in the Notes. 
 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or 
at the point of non-viability of the relevant Issuer 
The BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition 
to the application of the general bail-in tool and other resolution tools. 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD include write down/conversion powers to ensure 
that capital instruments (including Subordinated Notes) absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing 
institution or its group. Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write 
down of such capital instruments in full or on a permanent basis, or their conversion in full into CET1 
instruments, to the extent required and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately before, or 
concurrently with, the application of any other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of reducing or 
converting, according to an order of priority of credits in normal insolvency procedures, in a way that results 
in: 
(i) 
CET1 instruments being written down or converted in proportion to the relevant losses; and then 
(ii) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments (Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) being written down 
and/or converted into CET1. 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, including the write-down or 
conversion (in whole or in part) of their Notes. Any such actions or the perceived likelihood of any such actions 
being taken may adversely impact the price or value of their investment in the Notes. 
See the risk factor entitled “The Issuers are subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which 
dictates the procedures and measures available for any resolution of the Issuers, including the bail-in tool” 
above. 
Income derived from Notes issued under the Programme is currently subject to Portuguese 
withholding tax and there will be no gross-up for amounts withheld on such Notes  
Subject as provided below, income derived from Notes issued under the Programme is currently subject to 
Portuguese withholding tax and there will be no gross-up for amounts withheld on such Notes. 
Pursuant to Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (the “Decree-Law”), 
investment income classified as obtained in Portuguese territory paid to Noteholders that are non-residents in 
the Republic of Portugal (with some exceptions – see “Portuguese Taxation”), as well as capital gains derived 
from a sale or other disposition of such Notes, will be exempt from Portuguese income tax. 
If the Notes are integrated in a centralised system for securities managed by a resident entity or an international 
clearing system managing entity established in other EU Member State (Euroclear and CBL) or in an EEA 
Member State (provided it is bound by an administrative cooperation in tax matters similar to the one 
established within the EU) are held in an account with an international clearing system (either with Euroclear 
or CBL), the management entity of such international clearing system shall transmit to the direct register entity 
or to its representative regarding all accounts under its management, the name and address and tax 
identification number (as long as they possess one), the identification and quantity of the securities held and 
the amount of income of each beneficiary. 
Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with Portuguese law and regulations, further 
clarification from the Portuguese tax authorities regarding such laws and regulations and the operational 
procedures of the clearing systems. 
Failure to comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of Portuguese 
withholding tax at a rate of 28 or 25, per cent. as the case may be, both in case of individuals and corporate 
entities, both non-resident in the Portuguese territory, at the date of this Base Prospectus, or if applicable, at

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
reduced withholding tax rates pursuant to tax treaties signed by Portugal, provided that the procedures and 
certification requirements established by the relevant tax treaty are complied with (see “Taxation”). 
The relevant Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases 
indicated in Condition 7 of the Portuguese law Notes including failure to deliver the certificate or declaration 
referred to above. Accordingly, Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of the Notes. None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
paying agents or the clearing systems assume any responsibility therefor. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Portuguese law or administrative 
practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Portuguese law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
Portuguese law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”) and EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as BST) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark 
(including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, published 
a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the “IBA announcement”). Concurrently, the FCA published a 
statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following 
the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the “FCA announcement”). Permanent cessation 
will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all euro and Swiss franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, 
Japanese yen and U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, for certain other U.S. dollar 
LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, U.S. 
dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using 
its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after 
end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of U.S. dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, 
these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended 
to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR settings

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. Any continued publication 
of the Japanese yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of 
guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 23 November 
2020, the euro risk-free rate working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. The final recommendations are expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference a benchmark should be mindful of the 
applicable interest rate fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes and the adverse effect this may have on 
the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
In addition, any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate or the emergence of alternatives 
to such benchmark or screen rate as a result of these potential reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen 
rate to perform differently from in the past or to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. The potential discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its 
administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated on Notes referencing 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to the benchmarks or screen rates referenced by the Notes may adversely affect the 
return on the Notes and the trading market for securities referencing such benchmark or screen rate. The 
development of alternatives to benchmarks or screen rates may result in Notes referencing such benchmarks 
or screen rates performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives had not 
developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any 
Notes referencing a benchmark or screen rate. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to Notes for which Screen Rate Determination applies. The IBA announcement and FCA 
announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event and, accordingly, a Benchmark 
Event would occur upon the issuance of any applicable Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes issued on or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Either (i) the relevant Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate or (ii) if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, such Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest may result in the Notes performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or 
the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions provide that such Issuer may vary the 
Terms and Conditions and the Set of Agency Procedures as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the holders 
of the Notes. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Issuer, the Terms and Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, such Issuer to be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to holders of the Notes as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be 
determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to holders of the Notes. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. Furthermore, there is no

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on the Notes. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as the case may be, being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes, as the case may be, based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference 
Rate could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments in those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There is no obligation 
on the Issuers to maintain any rating for itself or for the Notes it has issued. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
In general European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of BST as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the related Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ 
Report (which can be found at https://www.santander.pt/pdfs/investor-relations/santander-totta-
sa/relatorio-e-contas/2020/Relatorio_BST_2020_FINAL_Eng.pdf 
and 
https://www.santander.pt/pdfs/investor-relations/santander-totta-sa/relatorio-e-
contas/2019/Relatorio_BST_2019_FINAL_ENG_AG.pdf respectively); and  
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of SGPS as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the related Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ 
Report (which can be found at https://www.santander.pt/pdfs/investor-relations/santander-totta-
sgps/relatorios-e-contas/2020/Relatorio_Gestao_SGPS_2020_FINAL_ENG.pdf 
and 
https://www.santander.pt/pdfs/investor-relations/santander-totta-sgps/relatorios-e-
contas/2019/Relatorio_SGPS_2019_FINAL_ENG_REVISTO.pdf respectively).  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Section 
Incorporated 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
 
 
1. 
Reports and Financial Statements 2019 
 
 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 55-56 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 121-126 
Consolidated income statements as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 123 
Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 122 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 126 
Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity for the periods ended 
December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 125 
Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income for the periods ended 
December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 124 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 127-276 
Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ Report 
 
Pages 277-
2861 (out of 
287) 
2. 
Reports and Financial Statements 2020 
 
 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 61-63 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 103-108 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 105 
Consolidated balance sheet statement as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 104 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 108 
Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity for the periods ended 
December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 107 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 106 
                                                     
1 Relates to the PDF page number references.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 109-245 
Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ Report 
 
Pages 246-
2572 (out of 
258) 
 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
 
 
1. 
Reports and Financial Statements 2019 
 
 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 54-55 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 61-66 
Consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 62 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 66 
Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity for the periods ended 
December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 65 
Consolidated statements of income for the year ended at December 31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 63 
Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income for the years ended December 
31, 2019 and 2018 
Page 64 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 67-227 
Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ Report 
 
Pages 228-
2383 (out of 
239) 
2. 
Reports and Financial Statements 2020 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 60-62 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 67-72 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 69 
Consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 & 2018 
Page 68 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 72 
Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity for the periods ended 
December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 71 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 70 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 73-205 
Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditors’ Report 
Pages 206-
2174 
(out of 218) 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference herein shall 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer confirms that any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
                                                     
2 Relates to the PDF page number references. 
3 Relates to the PDF page number references. 
4 Relates to the PDF page number references.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM 
The Notes will be held through a central securities depositary (“CSD”) which will be the Portuguese domestic 
CSD, Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários (“Interbolsa”). 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of the Dealers or the Arranger take any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm 
the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None of the Issuers, the Arranger or any of 
the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made 
on account of, interests in the Notes held through the facilities Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the U.S. Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Accordingly, the Notes will be offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S 
under the U.S. Securities Act. 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (“sistema centralizado”) composed of interconnected securities 
accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which allows 
Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial 
intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity all participate in such centralised 
system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the securities held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
The Notes will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) code through the 
codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through LCH Clearnet, S.A., the clearing 
system operated at Interbolsa as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear and CBL and 
settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement 
of stock exchange transactions takes place on the third Business Day after the trade date and is provisional 
until the financial settlement that takes place on the settlement date. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Notes will be evidenced 
by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM 
regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa. The Notes 
will be nominative Notes (nominativas). 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa 
and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the holders of the 
Notes. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Notes held in the individual securities 
accounts opened by the holders of the Notes with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
CBL for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and CBL.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Notes shall be 
treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes held through Interbolsa 
Payment in respect of the Notes of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according to the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, to TARGET2 payment current accounts held in the payment system 
of TARGET2 according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Notes and thereafter (b) credited by 
such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and CBL to the accounts with Euroclear and CBL of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the 
case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to 
the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent 
in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by 
CGD, to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by 
such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes 
or through Euroclear and CBL to the accounts with Euroclear and CBL of the beneficial owners of those Notes, 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the case may be. 
The relevant Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Notes and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance 
with Interbolsa procedures and regulations. 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the TARGET2 current account of the Paying Agent must 
be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
Transfer of Notes 
Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. No 
owner of Notes will be able to transfer such Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the 
applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme with a denomination of (i) at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); and/or 
(ii) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the  Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
                                                     
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
6 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]7 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold 
to non-qualified investors.]8 
 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
[Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Portugal) 
Legal entity identifier: 5493005RLLC1P7VSVC58]9 
 
[Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Portugal) 
acting through its Lisbon Head Office 
Legal entity identifier: 549300URJH9VSI58CS32]10 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]11 
under the EUR 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A– CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches]] on [the Issue 
Date/[date]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
                                                     
7  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
8  
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which 
will only be admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
can have access. 
9  
Include for SGPS. 
10  
Include for BST. 
11  
 Include the expression “Obrigações de Caixa” in the title if the applicable Final Terms refer to the issue of Cash bonds (“Obrigações 
de Caixa”).

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors have access) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above EUR 199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date12: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [Reset Notes] 
 
[[ ] month EURIBOR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[specify other redemption 
amount to be greater than 100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating change 
occurs or cross refer paragraphs 14 and 16 below 
if details are included there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraphs [19]/[20] below) 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(a) 
Status: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
(b) 
Type of Senior Preferred Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes/Not Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[  ] [and [  ], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
12  
Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year or more.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/ Applicable (in respect of period from 
(and including) [ ] to (but excluding ([ ]) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] [and [  ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(c) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
First Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(f) 
Second Reset Date: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA][30/360] 
(j) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[  ] 
(m) 
Calculation Agent: 
[  ] 
(n) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[  ] 
(o) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[  ] 
(p) 
Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/ Applicable (in respect of period from 
(and including) [ ] to (but excluding ([ ]) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[  ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (c) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as in the Business Day 
Convention in (c) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[  ]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[  ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[  ] month EURIBOR 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] / [0]] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if euro 
denominated) 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b) of the 
Notes: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon an 
event of default, upon an Eligible Liabilities 
Event (in the case of Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes) or upon a 
Capital Event (in case of Subordinated 
Notes): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount] (N.B. If the Final 
Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value, consideration should be given 
as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised book-entry] 
 
[Nominativas] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which subparagraph 16(d) relates) 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [Banco Santander Totta, S.A. / Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A.] 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [  ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [  ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[  ]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. Each of [defined terms] is 
established in the [European Economic Area (“EEA”) 
/ United Kingdom (“UK”)] and is registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) /  Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].  
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA / non-
UK CRA entity] is not established in the [EEA / UK] 
and has not applied for registration under the [CRA 
Regulation / UK CRA Regulation]. The ratings have 
been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EEA-registered / UK-registered CRA entity] 
in accordance with the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA 
Regulation].  [Insert the legal name of the relevant 
EEA CRA / UK CRA entity] is established in the [EEA 
/ UK] and registered under the [CRA Regulation / UK 
CRA Regulation]]. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies is published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  [ESMA has indicated that ratings issued 
in 
[the 
United 
States/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/UK 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EEA CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the EEA by 
the relevant market participants.]]]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking S.A. or Interbolsa and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)/Central 
de 
Valores 
Mobiliários 
identification number] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[  ] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be registered with 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity as a securities 
settlement system, and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.][include this text if “yes” selected above] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
8 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Note settled by Central de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. the clearing system operated at Interbolsa – Sociedade 
Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários S.A. The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated into and applicable to each Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). References herein to “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below), and references herein to “Notes” shall be to references to the Notes of this Series. 
The Notes have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 20 May 2021, and made 
between Banco Santander Totta, S.A., acting through its Lisbon Head Office and Santander Totta, SGPS, 
S.A. as Issuers (the “Issuers”), Banco Santander Totta, S.A. as agent and paying agent in Portugal (the “Agent” 
and the “Portuguese Paying Agent” respective which expressions shall each include any successor agent and 
Portuguese paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying 
Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
incorporated into this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions. References to the “applicable Final 
Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to the Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
incorporated into this Note. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean, if integrated in and held through 
Interbolsa-Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A. (“Interbolsa”), as operator of the Portuguese centralised securities system (“CVM”), each person shown 
in the book-entry records of a financial institution, which is licensed to act as a financial intermediary under the 
Portuguese Securities Code (“Código dos Valores Mobiliários”, the “Portuguese Securities Code”) and the 
regulations issued by Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission, the “CMVM”), by Interbolsa or otherwise applicable rules and regulations and which is entitled to 
hold control accounts (each such institution an “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa”), as having an interest in the 
principal amount of the Notes. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may qualify as cash bonds (obrigações de caixa) under 
the terms of Decree-Law 408/91, of 17 October 1991 (as amended), provided that certain requirements set 
out therein are met, including that (i) such Notes have a maturity of not less than two years, (ii) the Issuer is 
not entitled to acquire such Notes before two years have elapsed since the relevant Issue Date and (iii) the 
Noteholders may not choose to redeem such Notes before one year has elapsed since the relevant Issue 
Date. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to any of the Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If the Notes are neither to 
be admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in the (i) European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom, in circumstances where a prospectus would otherwise be required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “euro”, “EUR”, “Eur” and “€” mean the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
The Notes are represented in dematerialised book-entry (“forma escritural”) form in the currency (the 
“Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and will be nominativas and therefore Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information 
to the Issuer. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.  
This Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If this Note is a Senior Preferred Note, it may be a Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Note if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the Notes held through Interbolsa (each a “Note”) will be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with 
the Portuguese Securities Code and the regulations issued by the CMVM, by Interbolsa or otherwise applicable 
thereto. Each person shown in the book-entry records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest 
in the Notes shall be deemed to be the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded. 
Title to the Notes is subject to compliance with all rules, restrictions and requirements applicable to the 
activities of Interbolsa. 
One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each, a “Certificate”) will be delivered by the relevant Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa in respect of a registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant Noteholder 
and in accordance with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa’s procedures pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code. 
The Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account of the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in 
control accounts opened by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the Noteholders. The control 
account of a given Affiliate Member of Interbolsa will reflect at all times the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes held in the individual securities’ accounts of the Noteholders with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
The person or entity registered in the book-entry registry of the Central de Valores Mobiliários (the “Book-Entry 
Registry” and each such entry therein, a “Book Entry”) as the holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein). 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) deem and treat the 
person or entity registered in the Book-Entry Registry as the holder of any Note and the absolute owner for all 
purposes. Proof of such registration is made by means of a Certificate issued by the relevant Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code. 
No Noteholder will be able to transfer Notes, or any interest therein, except in accordance with Portuguese 
law and regulations. Notes may only be transferred in accordance with the applicable procedures established 
by the Portuguese Securities Code and the regulations issued by the CMVM or Interbolsa, as the case may 
be, and the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa through which the Notes are held. 
References to Interbolsa shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject, except in the case of Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, to the provisions of Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and the claims of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of payments pursuant thereto will, in the 
event of the winding-up of the Issuer, rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves;  
(ii) 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured (subject as aforesaid) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to 
time outstanding; and 
(iii) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) all subordinated obligations of or claims 
against the Issuer, present and future. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and the claims of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of payments pursuant thereto 
will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
(iii) 
junior to any present or future claims of (A) depositors of the Issuer and (B) any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iv) 
in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (A) all classes of share capital of the Issuer and 
(B) all other subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes) which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer save that the claims 
of the holders of the Subordinated Notes in respect of payments pursuant thereto will, in the event of the 
winding-up of the Issuer, (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law) be wholly subordinated to the claims of 
all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with any present or future claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims of holders of (A) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 instruments 
of the Issuer, (B) all undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than any such 
obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or in priority to, the Subordinated 
Notes), (C) all classes of share capital of the Issuer and (D) all other obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
The subordination of the Notes is for the benefit of the Issuer and all Senior Creditors of the Issuer. 
(d) 
 Waiver of Set-Off  
This Condition 2(d) is applicable only in relation to (i) Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes.  
No holder of a Note may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed by it to 
the Issuer arising out of or in connection with such Note and each such holder of a Note shall, by virtue of its 
subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, be deemed to have waived all Set-Off Rights. 
To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: (y) any amount 
owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder arising under or in connection with the Notes; and (z) any amount owed to 
the Issuer by such Noteholder, such Noteholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the 
Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or dissolution, the liquidation or insolvency estate, to be held on trust 
for (1) in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the creditors of the Issuer in respect of any 
obligations required by law to be preferred to the Notes, (2) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Creditors of the Issuer other than creditors of the Issuer in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
or (3) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the Senior Creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(e) 
Definitions  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Portugal and applicable to the Issuer, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to 
capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority and/or any regulation, directive or other binding rules, 
standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the CRR);  
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
“Relevant Authority” means (a) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the Bank of Portugal, the European Central 
Bank or such other authority (whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having primary responsibility for prudential 
supervision of the Issuer or (b) in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 14).  
“Senior Creditors of the Issuer” means (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof in the 
winding-up of the Issuer and who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) creditors of the Issuer 
whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than 
those whose claims relate to obligations which constitute, or would, but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital, constitute Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, or whose claims 
otherwise rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the Subordinated 
Notes); 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer as regulated under article 8-A of Decree Law 199/2006 of August 14, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, (including, without limitation, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations of the Issuer which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the 
extent permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with any such Senior Non-Preferred Obligations;  
“Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note; 
“Tier 1 Instruments” has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time; and 
“Tier 2 Instruments” has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE IN RELATION TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES OTHER THAN 
SENIOR PREFERRED MREL ELIGIBLE NOTES 
This Condition 3 is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified as being Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
So long as any of the Senior Preferred Notes (other than Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
similar encumbrance or security interest upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets, present or 
future (including any uncalled capital), to secure any Indebtedness (as defined below) or any guarantee or 
indemnity given in respect of any Indebtedness, without, in the case of the creation of an encumbrance or 
security interest, at the same time and, in any other case, promptly according to the Noteholders an equal and 
rateable interest in the same or providing to the Noteholders such other security as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this Condition 3 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist a mortgage, charge, 
lien, pledge or similar encumbrance or security interest upon a defined pool of its assets (not representing all 
of the assets of the Issuer) (including, but not limited to, receivables) (the “Secured Assets”) which is or was 
created pursuant to any securitisation (including any synthetic securitisations) or like arrangement in 
accordance with normal market practice (whether or not involving the issue by the Issuer itself of asset backed 
securities) and whereby, except in the case of synthetic securitisations, all payment obligations in respect of 
the Indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity given in respect of the Indebtedness, as the case may be, 
secured on the Secured Assets are to be discharged solely from the Secured Assets.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
As used herein: 
“Indebtedness” means any borrowings having an original maturity of more than one year in the form of or 
represented by bonds, notes, debentures or other securities (not comprising, for the avoidance of doubt, 
preference shares or other equity securities) but excluding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
where more than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of such bonds, notes, debentures or other 
securities are initially offered outside the Republic of Portugal by or with the authorisation of the Issuer; 
and 
(ii) 
which are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, listed or traded on any stock exchange, over-
the-counter or other organised market for securities (whether or not initially distributed by way of 
private placing). 
“Covered Bonds” means any bonds or notes issued by the Issuer the obligations of which benefit from a special 
creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) as a result of them being collateralised by a defined pool of 
assets comprised of mortgage loans or other loans permitted by applicable Portuguese legislation to be 
included in the pool of assets and where the requirements for that collateralisation are regulated by applicable 
Portuguese legislation. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. Interest will be calculated on the full nominal amount 
outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the 
Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(2) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending 
on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Relevant Screen Page” means the Relevant Screen Page specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Each Reset Note bears interest (i) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the 
Initial Rate of Interest; (ii) from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date, at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and (iii) for each subsequent 
period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards), payable in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
converted as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If none 
or only one of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest 
as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest before the First Reset Date (adjusted, in the case 
of any Reset Notes that are Senior Preferred Notes other than Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
to take into account any change in the prevailing Margin). 
(iii) 
The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest payable (the “Reset Interest Amount”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Reset 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4(a) 
and, for such purposes, references in the third paragraph of Condition 4(a) to “Fixed Rate Notes” shall 
be deemed to be to “Reset Notes”, “Rate of Interest” shall be to “First Reset Rate of Interest” or 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” (as applicable) and Condition 4(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest (other than the Initial Rate of Interest) and each 
related Reset Interest Amount to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Lisbon Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
expression "Lisbon Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in Lisbon. 
(v) 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Reset Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(iii) above, the Issuer shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion 
(having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition), it shall deem fair 
and reasonable and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(vi) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b): 
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4(b)(ii) above, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum, converted from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it), of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
“Fixed Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Margin” means the First Margin or any Subsequent Margin (as applicable); 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed for 
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count 
basis as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to provision (b) above, 
either: 
(A) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(1) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2)  commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information; or 
(B) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(1) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute; 
“Reset Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Reset Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Reset 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Reset Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset 
Period, or in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date (or, if no such Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date), and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or, if no such 
Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date); and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject 
to Condition 4(b)(ii) above, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum, converted from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such 
calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected 
by it), of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. Interest will be calculated on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Notes. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last 
day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, 
Lisbon and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(a) the offered quotation; or 
(b) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the third 
decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards or, if the Reference Rate is not EURIBOR, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent, 
or Calculation Agent as the case may be. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
(2) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1)(a), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 4(b)(ii)(B)(1)(b), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent, 
or Calculation Agent as the case may be, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards or, if the Reference Rate is not 
EURIBOR, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent, or Calculation 
Agent as the case may be. 
(3) If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent, 
or Calculation Agent as the case may be, with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards or, if the Reference Rate is not EURIBOR, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent, or 
Calculation Agent as the case may be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
the purpose) informs the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
(4) For the purposes of this Condition 4(c), “Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
selected by the Agent. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
–
(D
)]
M
–
(M
[30
)]
Y
–
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
–
(D
)]
M
–
(M
[30
)]
Y
–
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
–
(D
)]
M
–
(M
[30
)]
Y
–
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
×
+
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent, or Calculation Agent as 
the case may be, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
The Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), by the Agent, or 
Calculation Agent as the case may be, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, and/or the Calculation Agent as the case may be, the other Paying Agents 
and all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders 
shall attach to the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent, or Calculation Agent as the case may be, and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more calculation agents if provision is made for 
them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4(f) applies only if this Note is a Reset Note or, in the case of a Floating Rate Note, where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which any Rate of 
Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its own 
expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of the Notes), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined 
by reference to the Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Independent

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published 
guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer (a) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (b) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 4(f), in either case prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may determine (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of the Notes), no later than the Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this 
Condition 4(f). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined by 
an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, 
such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (iv) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to further adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(f)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for each determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
as described in paragraph (iii) above without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above) a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with 
the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer may (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Notes) also specify changes to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, time at which the Relevant Screen Page is observed 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation 
to the Notes (such amendments, together the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 
4(f). No consent shall be required from the holders of the Notes in connection with determining or 
giving effect to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) or any Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or other 
steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice thereof to the 
holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 11 and the Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the specific terms of any other Benchmark 
Amendments, and their effective date; 
(vii) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(f) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with 
any determination made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this 
Condition 4(f); and 
(viii) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(f), the Original Reference Rate 
and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) (i) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with this Condition 4(f), and (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 4(f) but the Agent (if different from the Issuer) has not been notified of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4(f)(vi) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph 4(f)(viii) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) only, and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(f). 
(ix) 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" shall mean a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Notes 
and with an interest period or reset period (as applicable) of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period or relevant Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that it will, on or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling 
six months before the specified date referred to in (b)(I); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or prior to a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling six months before the 
specified date referred to in (d)(I); or 
(e) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or prior 
to a specified date and (II) the date falling six months before the specified date referred to in 
(e)(I); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Period 
(as applicable), become unlawful for the Issuer, the Agent or any Calculation Agent specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to calculate any payments due to be made 
to the Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, as of a specified date, no longer 
be representative of its relevant underlying market and (II) the date falling six months before 
the specified date referred to in (g)(I). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for 
the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
applicable to the Notes in respect of any Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) as applicable (provided 
that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the Noteholder with, or, at the option of the Noteholder, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the Noteholder or, at the option of the Noteholder, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payment in respect of the Notes of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according to the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, TARGET2 payment current accounts held in the payment system of 
TARGET2 according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Notes and thereafter (b) credited by 
such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and CBL to the accounts with Euroclear and CBL of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the 
case may be (ii) in currencies other than euros in respect of the Notes will be (a) transferred, on the payment 
date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the 
relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda 
Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such 
relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and CBL to the accounts 
with Euroclear and CBL of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Interbolsa, Euroclear or CBL, as the case may be. 
The holders of Notes are reliant upon the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment in respect of Notes. 
(c) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The Issuer will be discharged by payment to Interbolsa in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the entities 
shown in the records of Interbolsa as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes must look 
solely to Interbolsa for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to, or to the order of such entity. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any 
day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open and Interbolsa, CBL and/or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, are open for general business. 
(e) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Senior Preferred Note, 
Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity of at least five 
years. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 6(g), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but 
subject to Condition 6(k) in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Condition 6(l) in the case of Subordinated Notes) at any time (if such Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if such Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 11, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(A) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7), or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(i), the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (1) a certificate signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (2) an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b)(i) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in Condition 6(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
(ii) 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6(b)(ii) shall only apply in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, if (in each case) the conditions set out in Condition 6(k) below have been satisfied, or 
Subordinated Notes, if the conditions set out in Condition 6(l) below have been satisfied. 
In relation to any Series of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms together with unpaid interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, at any time on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, at any time 
after the Issue Date, the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in 
respect of the next interest payment to be made on the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer 
would be reduced (otherwise than because of a reduction in tax rates) in either case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any such notice of redemption as referred to in the previous paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (1) a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including 
those set out in Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(l), as applicable) have occurred, and (2) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer to so redeem have occurred (otherwise than because of a reduction in tax rates). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (but subject to 
Condition 6(k) in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Condition 
6(l) in the case of Subordinated Notes), having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the 
rules of Interbolsa. 
(d) 
Redemption due to an Eligible Liabilities Event 
This Condition 6(d) is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but subject to Condition 6(k) 
in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Condition 6(l) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest 
accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption) if, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer determines 
that an Eligible Liabilities Event has occurred.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) only after five years from their date of 
issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
then in effect in Portugal giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to any MREL Requirement then in effect of the 
Relevant Authority and/or any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by 
the institutions of the European Union (including, for the avoidance of doubt, CRD IV and the BRRD) and then 
in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines and policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);  
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such 
other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (or, as the case may be, any provision of Portuguese 
law or regulation transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD IV” means any of, or any combination of, the CRD IV Directive, the CRR, and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measures; 
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, 
and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other 
relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated 
basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the 
regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the 
Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis); 
“Eligible Liabilities Event” means: 
(i)  
in respect of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Relevant Authority that, as a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, all or any part of the Notes will not 
be eligible for inclusion in the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of 
the Group or the Issuer, if the Group or the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to 
such MREL Requirement; provided that an Eligible Liabilities Event shall not occur where such 
ineligibility for inclusion is or will be caused by (A) the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (B) a subordinated requirement being applied by the Relevant Regulator for such Notes 
to be eligible for inclusion in the "eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of 
the Group or the Issuer, (C) the Notes being bought by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other member 
of the Group or (D) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded; 
(ii)  
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Relevant Authority that, as a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, all or any part of the Notes will not 
be eligible for inclusion in the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of 
the Group or the Issuer, if the Group or the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to 
such MREL Requirement; provided that an Eligible Liabilities Event shall not occur where such 
ineligibility for inclusion is or will be caused by (A) the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes being 
less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (B) the Notes being bought by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other member of the 
Group or (C) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor 
term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded; or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Relevant 
Authority that, as a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, all or any part of the Notes will not fully qualify to 
comply with any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Group or the Issuer, if the Group or the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will 
be subject to such MREL Requirement; provided that an Eligible Liabilities Event shall not occur where 
such ineligibility for inclusion is or will be caused by (A) the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes 
being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations or (B) the Notes being bought by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other member of the 
Group; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is or, as the 
case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event 
This Condition 6(e) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but subject to 
Condition 6(l)) at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with 
interest accrued (but unpaid) to the date fixed for redemption) if, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
determines that a Capital Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any such notice of redemption as referred to in the previous paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including those set out 
in Condition 6(l) below) have occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Relevant Authority that all or any part of the Notes are not eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 capital of 
the Group or the Issuer pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Group or the Issuer, as the case may be). For the 
avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR (or any equivalent or 
successor provision) shall not constitute a Capital Event. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6(f) is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred Notes. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of 
such notice, redeem, such Senior Preferred Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Preferred Note the holder of this Senior Preferred 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Portuguese Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Interbolsa in a form acceptable to Interbolsa from time to time (a “Put Notice”) 
and, at the same time present or procure the presentation of a Certificate to the Portuguese Paying Agent. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Senior Preferred Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this paragraph and instead to declare such Senior Preferred Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) above and Condition 9:  
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; and

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note (subject to Condition 2(a) and Condition 6(k), in the case of Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, Condition 2(b) and Condition 6(k), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
or to Condition 2(c) and Condition 6(l), in the case of Subordinated Notes), will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
y
 AY)
 
(1
 
 
RP
 
 
 Amount
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=
 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day 
year consisting of twelve months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer (but subject to Condition 6(k) in the case of Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Condition 6(l) in the case of Subordinated Notes) may at any 
time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary, cancelled by Interbolsa. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6(h) above cannot be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(ii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
(k) 
Further Provisions Applicable to Redemption and Purchases of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be permitted to redeem or purchase any Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by it prior to the Maturity Date unless the following 
conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then required by Applicable MREL Regulations) are satisfied:  
(A) the Issuer has given any requisite notice to the Relevant Authority and has obtained the Relevant 
Authority’s prior permission or non-objection to the redemption or purchase (as the case may be) 
of the Notes; and 
(B) such redemption or purchase (as the case may be) is permitted by and complies with Applicable 
MREL Regulations. 
(l) 
Further Provisions Applicable to Redemption and Purchases of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be permitted to redeem or purchase any Subordinated 
Notes issued by it prior to the Maturity Date unless the following conditions (in each case, if and to the extent 
then required by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, to the extent applicable, Applicable MREL 
Regulations)) are satisfied:  
(A) the Issuer has given any requisite notice to the Relevant Authority and has obtained the Relevant 
Authority’s prior permission or non-objection to the redemption or purchase (as the case may be) 
of the Notes; 
(B) such redemption or purchase (as the case may be) is permitted by and complies with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, to the extent applicable, Applicable MREL Regulations); and 
(C) in the case of any redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b) or Condition 6(e), the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (1) that the circumstances giving 
rise to the Capital Event or the right to redeem under Condition 6(e) were not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes and that the change in 
the applicable regulatory classification is sufficiently certain, or (2) in the case of Condition 6(b), 
that the change in the applicable tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes. 
7. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or 
regulation. In such event, the Issuer will (subject to Condition 7(b)) pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes in relation to any payment in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note; and/or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder in respect of whom the information required in order 
to comply with the Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended (the “Decree-Law”), and 
any implementing legislation, is not received by no later than the second ICSD Business Day prior to 
Relevant Date, or which does not comply with the formalities in order to benefit from tax treaty benefits, 
when applicable; and/or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder resident for tax purposes in the Tax Jurisdiction, or a 
resident in a tax haven jurisdiction as defined in Ministerial Order 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 
(Portaria do Ministro das Finanças e da Administração Pública n. 150/2004, as amended) with the 
exception of (a) central banks and governmental agencies, as well as international institutions 
recognised by the Tax Jurisdiction, of those tax haven jurisdictions, and (b) tax haven jurisdictions 
which have a double taxation treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force with 
Portugal; and/or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of (a) a Portuguese resident legal entity subject to Portuguese 
corporation tax (with the exception of entities that benefit from a waiver of Portuguese withholding tax 
or from Portuguese income tax exemptions) or (b) a legal entity not resident in Portugal acting with 
respect to the holding of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Portugal (with the exception 
of entities which benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver); or 
(v) 
where such payment is into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial owners where such 
beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment and such disclosure is required by law. 
(b) 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(b) shall only apply to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes.  
Notwithstanding Condition 7(a), any obligation to pay additional amounts provided for therein will be limited to 
payments of interest (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to payment of principal or any other amounts) in 
respect of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“ICSD Business Day” means any day which: 
(i) 
is not a Saturday or Sunday; and 
(ii) 
is not 25 December or 31 December. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Portuguese Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall become void unless the relevant Certificates are 
surrendered within 20 years and 5 years respectively of the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes other than Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
This Condition 9(a) is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified as being 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Preferred Notes but are not specified as being Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes in the applicable Final Terms and any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of 
Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to make payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes and such failure to pay continues, in the case of principal, for a period of 7 days or, in the 
case of interest, for a period of 14 days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of or compliance with any other obligation on its 
part in respect of the Notes and (except where such default is not capable of remedy, where no such 
notice shall be required) such default shall continue for a period of 30 days after written notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer by a holder of the Note; or 
(iii) 
insolvency proceedings are commenced by a court against the Issuer, or the Issuer institutes such 
proceedings or suspends payments or offers or makes a general arrangement for the benefit of all its 
creditors; or 
(iv) 
any order shall be made by any competent authority or resolution passed for the dissolution of the 
Issuer, except a dissolution for the purposes of or pursuant to a reorganisation, merger, consolidation 
or amalgamation whereby the continuing entity or entity formed as a result of the reorganisation, 
merger, consolidation or amalgamation effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes; or 
(v) 
the repayment of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) owing by the Issuer is 
accelerated by reason of default and such acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled, or the 
Issuer defaults (after whichever is the longer of any originally applicable period of grace and 14 days 
after the due date) in any payment of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or in the honouring of 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money provided that no such 
event referred to in this subparagraph (v) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money whether alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
relating to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall exceed EUR 25,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), 
then any holder of any such Senior Preferred Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office 
of the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any such Senior Preferred Notes 
held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(a): 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness for or in respect of (i) money 
borrowed, or (ii) any notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed 
whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued 
in cash or in whole or in part for consideration other than cash. 
(b) 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 9(b) is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
(i) 
Events of Default 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, any one or more of the following events shall constitute an 
“Event of Default”: 
(A) 
If default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor, then any Noteholder may institute 
proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, but may take no other action in respect of such default.  
(B) 
If any order shall be made by any competent court or an effective resolution passed for the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of an amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders), then 
any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer and to the Agent at their respective specified offices, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent that the Notes held by such Noteholder(s) are, 
and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)) together with accrued interest. 
(ii) 
Enforcement 
Without prejudice and subject to Condition 9(b)(i), and in accordance with and to the extent permitted by then 
applicable law, a Noteholder may at its discretion and without notice institute (or apply for the institution of) 
such steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or condition binding 
on the Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes, 
including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes, including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations), provided that, in no event shall the Issuer be obliged to pay any sum 
or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it pursuant to 
these Conditions (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9(b)(i)(B)). For the avoidance of 
doubt, nothing in this Condition 9(b)(ii) shall, however, prevent a Noteholder from instituting (or applying for 
the institution of) proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer (in accordance with and to the extent permitted 
by then applicable law) and/or proving and/or claiming in any winding-up or dissolution proceedings of the 
Issuer in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer arising from the Notes in the circumstances 
described in Condition 9(b)(i). 
(iii) 
Extent of Noteholders’ remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9(b), shall be available to the 
Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or any breach by the Issuer 
of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in Portugal capable of making payment in respect of the Notes 
as contemplated by these terms and conditions of the Notes, the Agency Agreement and applicable 
Portuguese law and regulation. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(c). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given on the date of such publication if published 
(i) in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Portugal (which is expected to be Diário de Notícias) or by 
any other way which complies with the Portuguese Securities Code and Interbolsa’s rules on notices to 
investors, notably the disclosure of information through the CMVM official website (www.cmvm.pt), and (ii) if 
and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, and as long as the rules of such exchange so requires in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt or any other applicable 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg. So long as the Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will also request that notices to holders of the Notes 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers, and, in the case of publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the date 
of such publication. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and may be given to the Portuguese Paying Agent 
through Interbolsa in such manner as the Portuguese Paying Agent, the Agent and Interbolsa may approve 
for this purpose. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
Meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or 
abrogation of any of these Terms and Conditions by Extraordinary Resolution (defined below) and the 
appointment or dismissal of a Common Representative are governed by the Portuguese Companies Code 
enacted by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as subsequently amended (the “Portuguese 
Companies Code”). 
Meetings may be convened by the Common Representative (if any) or, if (i) no Common Representative has 
been appointed or (ii) if appointed, the relevant Common Representative has failed to convene a meeting, by 
the chairman of the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, and shall be convened if requested by 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum required for a meeting convened to pass a resolution other than an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be any person or persons holding or representing Notes then outstanding, regardless of the principal amount 
thereof; and the quorum required for a meeting convened to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be a person 
or persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Notes then outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, any person or persons holding or representing any of the Notes then outstanding, regardless of the 
principal amount thereof. 
The number of votes required to pass a resolution other than an Extraordinary Resolution is a majority of the 
votes cast at the relevant meeting; the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, including, without 
limitation, a resolution relating to the modification or abrogation of certain of the provisions of these Conditions, 
is at least 50 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 
two-thirds of the votes cast at the relevant meeting. Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will 
be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting or have voted against the 
approved resolutions.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders in respect of any 
modification or abrogation of any Condition (including without limiting, modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes). 
The Agent and the Issuer, may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes or Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Agent shall, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to 
the application of Condition 4(f). 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW, SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF 
PORTUGUESE STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes shall be construed in accordance with Portuguese law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Portugal are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and that accordingly 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of 
any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Acknowledgement of Portuguese Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between 
the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder 
(which for the purposes of this Condition 14(c) includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under 
the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the Interest Amount 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Amounts Due” means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and any additional 
amounts referred to in Condition 7(a), if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Bail-
in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
“Bail-in Power” means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (A) the transposition of the BRRD, (B) 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or replaced from time to time) and (C) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain entities as set out in such law, regulation, rules 
or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations; and 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power from time to time. 
15. 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
The holders of the Notes shall at all times be entitled to appoint and dismiss a Common Representative by 
means of an Extraordinary Resolution. Upon the appointment of a new Common Representative by the holders 
of the Notes pursuant to this Condition, any previously appointed and dismissed Common Representative will 
immediately cease its engagement and will be under the obligation immediately to transfer to the new Common 
Representative appointed by the holders of the Notes all documents and information then held by such 
Common Representative pertaining to the Notes. 
As used herein, “Common Representative” means a law firm, a chartered accountant’s firm, a financial 
intermediary, an entity authorised to perform investors representation services in any EU Member State or an 
individual person with full legal capacity (which is not a holder of Notes), which may be appointed by the 
holders of Notes under Article 358 of the Portuguese Companies Code.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
IMPORTANT DEFINITIONS 
 
“BST” or the “Bank” or in respect of the section 
entitled “Description of BST”, “the Issuer” 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
“BST Group” (as used in the sections entitled, 
“Description of BST” and “Business of the BST 
Group”) 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A., its consolidated 
subsidiaries and the holding company, Santander 
Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
“BTA” 
Banco Totta & Açores, S.A. 
“BTA Group” 
BTA and its consolidated subsidiaries 
“SGPS” or “ST, SGPS” or in respect of the section 
entitled “Description of SGPS”, “the Issuer” 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BST 
Legal and Commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Banco Santander Totta, S.A. and the most frequent commercial name is 
Santander Totta. 
Incorporation, registration, legal form, head office and contacts of the Issuer, legislation that governs 
the Issuer’s activity and website of the Issuer 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) incorporated under the laws 
of Portugal with a registered and fully paid up share capital of EUR 1,256,723,284.00, represented by 
1,256,723,284 ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 each, and registered in the Commercial 
Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole registration and taxpayer number 500 844 321. BST’s registered 
address is at Rua Áurea, no. 88, in Lisbon, Portugal, and the telephone number of its registered office is +351 
21 326 2031. The Issuer was registered by deed on 19 December 2004. The Issuer is a credit institution whose 
activities are regulated by the RGICSF and is subject to the Portuguese Companies Code (approved by 
Decree-Law no. 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as amended).  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300URJH9VSI58CS32. 
The Issuer’s website is www.santander.pt. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, unless that information is expressly 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Business overview 
BST’s commercial banking business is managed through its retail network. The investment banking and 
investment funds businesses of BST, formerly managed through Banco Santander de Negócios Portugal, S.A. 
(“BSN”), are now directly managed by BST, following BST’s merger with BSN in May 2010. The specialised 
credit business (including leasing, factoring and consumer credit) is also directly managed by BST, following 
BST’s merger with Totta – Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. on 1 April 2011. The 
strategy of the BST Group is to position itself as a full service bank offering customers a full range of banking 
products. 
The commercial banking business is divided into four core customer/business areas: 
(i) 
individuals and self-employed; 
(ii) 
small and medium-sized businesses; 
(iii) 
corporate and institutional customers; and 
(iv) 
high net worth individuals. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a domestic network of 434 branches (compared to 497 in 31 
December 2019). BST has subsidiaries and representative offices abroad, as well as investments in 
subsidiaries and associated companies.  
The Issuer has a long-standing strategy of targeting the university market. It serves this market with branches 
located either within or near university campuses. In lower traffic sites, the Issuer has small kiosks which offer 
its customers more limited services and shorter opening hours. 
History of BST 
Following an agreement entered into on 7 April 2000 between Banco Santander Central Hispano (“BSCH”), 
Mr. António Champalimaud (the former controlling shareholder of Banco Totta & Açores (“BTA”)) and CGD, 
the Issuer acquired a controlling interest of 94.68 per cent. in BTA and 70.66 per cent. in Crédito Predial 
Português (“CPP”). In June 2000, through its associate Santusa Holding, S.L (“Santusa, BSCH”), the Issuer 
made a public acquisition offer for all of the outstanding shares of BTA and CPP. In December 2000, following 
a capital increase of BTA and the restructuring of the investments of the BST Group in Portugal, BTA became 
the head of the BTA Group, which, in addition to CPP, comprised Banco Santander Portugal (“BSP”) and BSN. 
The first complete year under the BST Group structure was 2001. 
The Issuer was established following a corporate restructuring process completed in December 2004, which

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
merged the commercial banks within the BST Group in Portugal (namely, BTA, CPP and BSP) into a single 
legal entity. The outcome was a holding company (SGPS), holding the commercial bank, the Issuer and the 
investment bank BSN. The restructuring process was approved by the Bank of Portugal and at the 
Shareholders’ General Meetings of BTA, CPP and BSP on 15 October 2004, with the granting and filing of the 
deed completed on 19 December 2004. 
The restructuring was an internal reorganisation of the BST Group in Portugal and resulted in BTA transferring, 
by operation of the merger, all of its assets into the Issuer, which assumed all the obligations of BTA by 
operation of law. 
In May 2010, BSN was incorporated into the Issuer following a merger process that was initiated in 2009 and, 
as a result, the share capital of the Issuer increased from EUR 589,810,510.00 to EUR 620,104,983.00. In 
August 2010, the Issuer announced its intention to carry out a merger with Totta – Crédito Especializado, 
Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A., thus concentrating in the Issuer all lending activity currently developed 
by the merging entities. A preliminary project of the acquisition of the shares and the alluded merger was 
presented to the Bank of Portugal in the terms set forth in the law.  
In this context, and following a shareholders resolution, on 18 March 2011, the Issuer announced the decision 
to increase its share capital to EUR 656,723,284.00, by means of contributions in kind (entradas em espécie), 
which would be performed by SGPS through the transfer of 5,750,322 shares representing the share capital 
of Totta – Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A., to which it attributed the global value 
of EUR 66,304,973.91. To complete this transaction, 36,618,301 new shares representing the share capital of 
the Issuer, with the nominal amount of EUR 1 each and with an issue premium per share of EUR 
0.8107059066, corresponding to the relevant share capital increase, were issued. In addition, the holders of 
the notes issued by the Issuer, having met to decide about the aforementioned merger, decided not to oppose 
such merger on 21 March 2011. The filing of the share capital increase with the Commercial Registry Office 
occurred on 24 March 2011 and the completion of the merger in the terms described above took place on 1 
April 2011. 
On 20 December 2015, following the resolution measure applied to Banif by the Bank of Portugal, the Issuer 
acquired a set of rights and obligations, comprised of assets, liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets 
under the management of Banif, as listed in the resolution passed by the Bank of Portugal in that respect, for 
the amount of EUR 150 million. 
On 8 January 2016 and 28 March 2016, the Issuer registered with the competent commercial registry its share 
capital increase by EUR 300,000,000 on each such date, from EUR 656,723,284.00 to EUR 956,723,284.00 
and from EUR 956,723,284.00 to EUR 1,256,723,284.00, respectively, through the issue of ordinary book-
entry and nominative shares with the nominal amount of EUR 1 each. These share capital increases were 
reserved to BST’s shareholders and resulted in a total increase of BST’s share capital to EUR 
1,256,723,284.00. 
On 30 December 2016, BST completed the acquisition of Gamma – Sociedade de Titularização de Créditos, 
S.A., a securitisation company registered with the CMVM under number 9152, after submitting this transaction 
to the competent authorities and obtaining the necessary authorisations. 
The Issuer is the parent company to various subsidiaries and its financial results are affected by the cashflows 
and dividends of its subsidiaries. 
As at 31 December 2020, the majority shareholders of the Issuer were: 
Shareholder 
Nº of shares 
% 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
1,241,179,513 
98.76% 
Taxagest - SGPS, S.A. 
14,593,315 
1.16% 
 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. directly holds approximately 98.76 per cent. of the Issuer. Santander Totta, 
SGPS, S.A. is fully owned directly by Banco Santander, S.A. and TaxaGest SGPS, S.A. is fully owned indirectly 
by Banco Santander, S.A. Therefore, BST is indirectly owned by Banco Santander, S.A. 
There are no specific mechanisms in place to ensure that control over the Issuer is not abusively exercised. 
Risk of abusive control is, in any case, mitigated by the existence of an Audit Committee and an Auditor, as 
described herein, in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 by the legal and regulatory provisions and supervision of

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
the Issuer by the CMVM and the Bank of Portugal. 
The Issuer, being (i) a credit institution and (ii) a financial intermediary (i.e. an entity which provides investment 
services/activities and ancillary services) and an issuer of securities admitted to trading on a Portuguese 
regulated market, is subject to the supervision of, respectively, (i) the Bank of Portugal and (ii) the CMVM, 
which, among other regulatory areas, supervise the acquisition and disposition of substantial holdings in the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors (Conselho de Administração) elected at the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting for a three-year period and each of its members is bound by duties of care and loyalty 
in order to optimise the interests of all relevant stakeholders (in accordance with the Portuguese Commercial 
Companies Code – Article 64 – and the RGICSF – Article 75). The business address for each of the members 
of the Management and Statutory Bodies is Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, 
Portugal. 
Governing bodies of Banco Santander Totta, S.A. for the 2019-2021 term office  
On 13 December 2018, the Annual General Meeting of shareholders of BST took place and approved the 
election of corporate officers, including members of the Board of the General Meeting and of the Board of 
Directors and Statutory Auditors for the 2019-2021 term of office. 
The beginning of the performance of duties by the new corporate officers was subject to authorisation by or 
non-opposition of the competent supervisory authorities, which was obtained on 17 January 2019. 
The governing bodies of Banco Santander Totta, S.A., for the 2019-2021 term of office, are: 
Board of the General Meeting 
Chairman 
 
José Manuel Galvão Teles 
Deputy-chairman 
 
António Maria Pinto Leite 
Secretary 
 
João Afonso Pereira Gomes da Silva 
Board of Directors 
Chairman 
 
José Carlos Brito Sítima 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Members 
 
Amílcar da Silva Lourenço 
 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
 
 
Andreu Plaza Lopez 
 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
 
 
Inês Oom Ferreira de Sousa 
 
 
Isabel Cristina da Silva Guerreiro 
 
 
Isabel Maria de Lucena Vasconcelos Cruz de Almeida Mota 
 
 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal Albuquerque 
 
 
Maria Manuela Machado Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
 
 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Audit Committee 
Chairman 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
Isabel Maria Lucena Vasconcelos Cruz de Almeida Mota 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal Albuquerque 
Maria Manuela Machado Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., represented by 
Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado for the periods ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and 
represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo for the period beginning on 1 January 2021. 
 
Executive Committee 
Chairman 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
Members 
 
Amílcar da Silva Lourenço

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Inês Oom Ferreira de Sousa 
 
 
Isabel Cristina da Silva Guerreiro 
 
 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
Company Secretary 
Full Secretary 
 
João Afonso Pereira Gomes da Silva 
Alternate Secretaries 
 
Cristina Isabel Cristovam Braz Vaz Serra 
Bruno Miguel dos Santos de Jesus  
Risk Committee 
 
 
 Chairman 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal Albuquerque 
 Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
 
 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques 
 
 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Remuneration Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Isabel Maria de Lucena Vasconcelos Cruz de Almeida Mota 
Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal Albuquerque 
Maria Manuela Machado Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Appointment Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
Members 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
 
 
Andreu Plaza Lopez 
 
 
Isabel Maria de Lucena Vasconcelos Cruz de Almeida Mota 
 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal Albuquerque 
Salaries Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Jaime Pérez Renovales 
Members 
 
Roberto di Bernardini 
Relevant activities of directors outside BST  
  
Within the consolidation 
perimeter 
Outside the consolidation 
perimeter 
Amilcar da Silva Lourenço 
- 
- 
Inês Oom Ferreira de Sousa 
- 
Portal 
Universia 
Portugal 
– 
Prestação 
de 
Serviços 
Informáticos, 
S.A. 
(Non-
Executive 
Chairman); 
SIBS- 
FPS, SA (Non-Executive Board 
Member); SIBS SGPS, SA (Non-
Executive 
Board 
Member); 
Unicre - Instituição Financeira 
de Crédito S.A. (Non-Exeutive 
Board 
Member); 
Associação 
EPIS 
- 
Empresários 
pela 
Inclusão 
Social 
(Advisory 
Council Member); Associação 
GRACE – Grupo de Reflexão e 
Apoio à Cidadania Empresarial 
(Advisory Council Member)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Isabel Maria de Lucena 
Vasconcelos Cruz de Almeida 
Mota 
- 
Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian 
(Chairwoman); 
Members 
of 
various non-profit entities 
José Carlos Brito Sítima 
Santander Totta SGPS (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors) 
Portal 
Universia 
Portugal 
– 
Prestação 
de 
Serviços 
Informáticos, S.A. (Chairman 
General 
Meeting); 
Câmara 
Comércio 
Luso 
Espanhola 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira 
de Carvalho Morais 
- 
Instituto Superior de Economia e 
Gestão 
(Associate 
Dean); 
EPAL, Empresa Portuguesa das 
Águas Livres (Chairwoman of 
the Supervisory Board); Águas 
do 
Vale 
do 
Tejo, 
S.A. 
(Chairwoman of the Supervisory 
Board) 
Andreu Plaza Lopez  
- 
Santander Consumer Finance 
(Non-Executive Board Member); 
Banco Santander, SA (Uruguay 
– 
Non-Executive 
Board 
Member) 
Manuel António Amaral 
Franco Preto 
Santander Totta SGPS (Board 
Member and ExCo Member); 
Taxagest (Chairman) 
- 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal 
Albuquerque 
- 
Fulham Consulting S.L. (Non-
Executive Board Member) 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e 
Almeida 
Santander Totta SGPS (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; Chairman of the 
ExCo (CEO) 
ACEGE 
(Strategy 
Council); 
Centro Paroquial São Francisco 
de 
Paula 
(Non-Executive 
Director); 
ISEG 
(Advisory 
Council 
Member); 
Fundação 
Alfredo de Sousa (Board of 
Trustees Member)  
Isabel Cristina da Silva 
Guerreiro 
- 
Santander Bank Polska, S.A. 
(Supervisory 
Board 
Non-
Executive Member ) 
Maria Manuela Machado 
Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques 
- 
Católica 
Lisbon 
School 
of 
Business 
& 
Economics,(Assistant 
Professor); 
Gerefinança 
- 
Consultores de Gestão, Lda 
(Manager); European Money 
Markets Institute (Non-Executive 
Board Member | Supervisory 
and Risk Board Member)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
 - 
Fundação 
Económicas 
Fundação 
Para 
o 
Desenvolvimento das Ciências 
Económicas, 
Financeiras 
e 
Empresariais  
Daniel Abel Monteiro 
Palhares Traça 
- 
Nova School of Business and 
Economics 
(Dean); 
Cascais 
Invest 
- 
Agência 
para 
a 
Promoção e Desenvolvimento 
Económico de Cascais (Non-
Executive Board Member) 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Banco Santander SA (Global 
Head EWRM) 
UCI SA (Non-Executive Board 
Member); Tresmares 
Capital 
Corporate SL (Non-Executive 
Board Member) 
Employees 
In Portugal, certain terms and conditions of employment in the banking sector are negotiated with trade unions 
and wage negotiations occur on an industry-wide basis. The Issuer has not experienced any material labour 
problems and it believes that its relations with its employees are generally satisfactory. The major objectives 
of the BST Group’s staff management programme are directed at creating and improving team spirit through, 
among other measures, recruitment, a training plan and early retirement schemes. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on this Base Prospectus. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee, the General Meeting or the Audit Board of 
BST do not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, between their duties to BST and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Recent Developments  
On 11 December 2020, BST informed the market that it had been notified of the ECB’s decision regarding 
minimum prudential requirements, to be fulfilled on a consolidated basis by SGPS from 1 January 2021, based 
on the results of SREP. Additionally, BST informed that the Bank of Portugal informed about the O-SII buffer 
to be fulfilled by SGPS. BST informed that the minimum own funds requirements to be observed from the 
referred date, calculated as a ratio of total RWA, are as follows:  
 
 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
Ratios as of 30-Sep-
2020 
 
 
 
 
of which: 
 
 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
2021 
Pillar 1  
Pillar 2  
Buffers  2021  
Pillar 1  
Pillar 2  
Buffers  
Phased-in  
Fully 
loaded 
CET1 
 
8.219%  4.500%  
0.844%  
2.875%  8.344%  4.500%  
0.844%  
3.000%  
21.33%  
20.36% 
T1 
 
10.000
%  
6.000% 
1.125%  
2.875%  10.125
%  
6.000%  
1.125%  
3.000%  
24.78%  
23.82% 
Total 
 
12.375
%  
8.000%  
1.500%  
2.875%  12.50%  8.000%  
1.500%  
3.000%  
25.18% 
24.22% 
 
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the O-SII buffer (0.375 per cent. phased-

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
in and 0.5 per cent. fully loaded). The Pillar 2 requirement, in 2021, defined under SREP, is 1.5 per cent.13 
Considering the capital ratios calculated as of 30 September 2020, SGPS, complies with the new minimum 
capital requirements for CET1, Tier 1 and total ratios. 
BST's Economic and Financial Information in 2020 
Consolidated Business 
Introduction 
For the year ending 31 December 2020, the consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders was 
EUR 257.7 million, a decrease of 47.3 per cent. compared with the EUR 489.5 million registered in the year 
ending 31 December 2019, due to the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic crisis which led to a strong 
slowdown of economic activity, and to the preventive constitution of impairments. 
As at 31 December 2020, the efficiency ratio stood at 44.83 per cent., a decrease of 0.03 per cent. since 
December 2019, through the 3.8 per cent. reduction of net income from banking activities and the 3.9 per cent. 
reduction of operating costs. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 42.7 billion as at 31 December 2020, an increase 
of 6.8 per cent. compared with the same period last year. Loans to individuals grew by 4.5 per cent. and loans 
to companies grew by 6.7 per cent. since 31 December 2019. The Bank provided moratoria for credit to 
individuals and companies, complementing the Portuguese State’s moratorium, with the aim of reducing the 
charges on these loans to customers. The non-performing exposure ratio stood at 2.6 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020, with provisions coverage of 66.8 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2020, customer resources totalled EUR 43.5 billion, an increase of 0.8 per cent. year-on-
year, determined by a 1.1 per cent. increase of deposits and a 0.4 per cent. decrease of off-balance sheet 
resources.  
In 2020, the funding obtained from the ECB, in the amount of EUR 6.8 billion, was based entirely on long-term 
operations, through TLTRO III. Net exposure to the Eurosystem stood at EUR 2.9 billion. Long-term financing 
also includes EUR 2 billion in covered bonds (with the repayment of a mortgage bond amounting to EUR 0.75 
billion (nominal amount), without refinancing through the market) and EUR 0.6 billion in securitizations. 
Short-term funding (repos), amounted to EUR 1.3 billion in 2020. 
The LCR, calculated in accordance with the CRD IV rules, stood at 121.9 per cent., meeting the regulatory 
requirement on the fully-implemented basis in force in 2020. 
Results 
 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (million euro) 
  
Dec-20   
Dec-19   
Var. 
Net interest income 
  
785.0   
854.5   
-8.1% 
Income from equity instruments 
  
1.7   
1.8   
-3.1% 
Results from associates 
  
5.6   
2.5   
+120.6% 
Net fees 
  
377.7   
384.9   
-1.9% 
Other operating results 
  
8.4   
10.4   
-19.8% 
Commercial revenue 
  
1,178.3   
1,254.1   
-6.0% 
Gain/losses on financial assets 
  
96.5   
71.7   
+34.6% 
Net income from banking activities 
  
1,274.8   
1,325.8   
-3.8% 
Operating costs 
  
(571.4)   
(594.7)   
-3.9% 
  Staff expenses 
  
(321.8)   
(342.3)   
-6.0% 
                                                     
13 Since 12 March 2020, Pillar 2 requirement can be partly met with Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments (see risk factor entitled “The 
Issuers are subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, which may change”).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
  Other administrative expenses 
  
(197.6)   
(203.2)   
-2.7% 
  Depreciation  
  
(52.0)   
(49.3)   
+5.6% 
Net operating Income 
  
703.4   
731.1   
-3.8% 
Impairment, net provisions and other results 
  
(334.9)   
(32.9)   
+919.3% 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests 
  
368.5   
698.2   
-47.2% 
Taxes 
  
(110.7)   
(208.8)   
-47.0% 
Income after taxes and before non-controlling interests 
  
257.7   
489.5   
-47.3% 
Non-controlling interests 
  
0.0   
(0.0)   
-100.0% 
Consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders 
  
257.7   
489.5   
-47.3% 
Note: The accounting policies used in the income statement for 2020 are consistent with those used to comply with FINREP 2.9, contributions to the 
Resolution Fund and Deposits Guarantee System were reclassified from "Other operating results" to "Net provisions and other results", and so as to 
be comparable, all values from 2019 were adjusted accordingly. 
 
Net interest income amounted to EUR 785 million at the end of 2020, a 8.1 per cent. decrease when compared 
to the preceding year, reflecting the decline in credit spreads in a competitive environment, with negative 
interest rates, a decrease in the demand for credit by companies outside the scope of the Portuguese State 
guaranteed credit facilities, and the management of the public debt portfolio. Results from associates stood at 
EUR 5.6 million at the end of 2020, an increase of 120.6 per cent., compared with EUR 2.5 million in the 
preceding year. 
Net fees stood at EUR 377.7 million, a decrease of 1.9 per cent. compared with 2019, with a reduction in 
credit, means of payment and insurance commissions. This evolution mirrored the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the reduction of activity and the impact of the temporary suspension of a number of fees within 
the scope of the measures introduced to support businesses and households, complementing the moratorium 
and credit facilities provided with State guarantee, in particular the exemption of fees on national transfers 
made through the Bank’s digital channels, free of charge replacement of cards not equipped with contactless 
technology for cards with this technology, and lower fees for Point-of-Sale (“POS”) terminals. Other operating 
results amounted to EUR 8.4 million, 19.8 per cent. below the results registered for the same period last year, 
with an emphasis on lower income from property rental, due to the lower volume of the property portfolio and 
the health crisis context, which saw the publication of legislation offering a grace period for the payments of 
rent. Commercial revenue, in the amount of EUR 1,178.3 million, decreased 6.0 per cent. in relation to the 
amount determined in 2019. 
As at 31 December 2020, Gain/Losses on financial assets amounted to EUR 96.5 million, compared with EUR 
71.7 million in the previous year, an increase of 34.6 per cent. including the income generated in the 
management of the public debt portfolio. 
Net income from banking activities amounted to EUR 1,274.8 million in December 2020, a decrease of 3.8 per 
cent. when compared to the equivalent amount as at the end of December 2019, mainly translating the 
decrease in net interest income and net fees, and the growth in income from financial operations.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
NET INCOME FROM BANKING ACTIVITIES 
million euro 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Operating costs amounted to EUR 571.4 million in 2020, registering a 3.9 per cent. decrease compared to the 
previous year.  
In the past year, there has been a reduction of 214 employees and 65 service centres, with a progressive 
reduction of the number of branches and the functional redefinition of others, along with increased automation 
of the processes and functions of central services. In 2020, staff expenses totalled EUR 321.8 million, 
representing a 6 per cent. decrease compared to the previous year, and other administrative expenses 
amounted to EUR 197.6 million in 2020, a year-on-year decrease of 2.7 per cent. Depreciation totalled EUR 
52.0 million as of 31 December 2020, up by 5.6 per cent. compared to the end of 2019, with the investment 
made in digital transformation. As regards the operating costs structure in 2020, staff expenses accounted for 
56 per cent. of the total, followed by other administrative expenses at 35 per cent. and depreciation at 9 per 
cent. 
OPERATING COSTS AND EFFICIENCY 
OPERATING COSTS (million euro)  
Dec-20   
Dec-19   
Var. 
  Staff expenses 
(321.8) 
 
(342.3) 
 
-6.0% 
  Other administrative expenses 
(197.6) 
 
(203.2) 
 
-2.7% 
  Depreciation 
(52.0) 
 
(49.3) 
 
+5.6% 
Operating costs 
(571.4)   
(594.7)   
-3.9% 
  
 
 
 
 
Efficiency ratio 
44.83%   
44.86%   
-0.03 
p.p. 
 
In December 2020, the efficiency ratio decreased by 0.03 p.p., falling from 44.86 per cent. to 44.83 per cent., 
through the combined evolution of the reduction of 3.8 per cent. in net income from banking activities and the 
3.9 per cent. reduction in operating costs. 
 
 
 
399.6
393.4
71.7
96.5
854.5
785.0
Dec-19
Dec-20
Net Interest Income
Gain/losses on financial assets
Income from equity instruments, Results from associates, Net fees and other operating results
1.325,8
1.274,8
-3,8%

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
EFFICIENCY RATIO  
% 
  
  
  
  
 
Net operating income amounted to EUR 703.4 million in 2020, a 3.8 per cent. year-on-year decrease. 
Impairment, net provisions and other results registered a cost of EUR 334.9 million in 2020 compared to EUR 
32.9 million in 2019. In 2020, a preventive reinforcement of provisions for credit impairment was made, in order 
to address potential losses arising from the non-payment of loans with non-productive exposures, as a result 
of the pandemic situation, reflecting the incorporation of the forward looking component of the most adverse 
macroeconomic scenario. There were also regulatory costs, with the Portuguese Resolution Fund and with 
the banking sector contribution in the amount of EUR 70.1 million, higher than the EUR 60.9 million paid the 
previous year.  
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests amounted to EUR 368.5 million, a 47.2 per cent. decrease 
compared to the amount determined for the same period of 2019. 
Taxes amounted to EUR 110.7 million in 2020, a year-on-year decrease of 47.0 per cent.  
Consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders amounted to EUR 257.7 million in 2020, a 47.3 per 
cent. year-on-year decrease, reflecting the impacts of the pandemic crisis. 
Balance Sheet and Activity 
At the end of 2020, business volume amounted to a total of EUR 86.2 billion, a 3.7 per cent. increase as 
compared with the amount recorded in 2019, resulting from the 6.8 per cent. increase in loans and advances 
to customers (gross) and 0.8 per cent. increase in customers’ resources. 
BUSINESS VOLUME (million euro) 
Dec-20   
Dec-19   
Var. 
Business Volume 
86,220   
83,152   
+3.7% 
 Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
42,681   
39,978   
+6.8% 
Customers Resources 
43,539   
43,174   
+0.8% 
 
The loan-to-deposit ratio measured by the ratio between net loans and deposits stood at 114.9 per cent. in 
December 2020, 5.9 per cent. above the 109 per cent. registered in 2019. 
 
 
 
44.86
44.83
Dec-19
Dec-20
-0,03 p.p.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
LOAN-TO-DEPOSIT RATIO (Transformation ratio) 
% 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
In 2020, the loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 42.7 billion, up 6.8 per cent. compared 
to the same period in 2019, reflecting the application of moratoria to loans for households and businesses, 
and the production of credit facilities to support the economy during the COVID-19 health crisis. 
 
LOANS (million euro) 
Dec-20   
Dec-19   
Var. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
42,681   
39,978 
  
+6.8% 
    of which 
    
    
  
         Loans to individuals 
22,767   
21,789   
+4.5% 
                of which 
    
    
  
                    Mortgage  
20,670   
19,654 
  
+5.2% 
                    Consumer 
1,680   
1,707   
-1.5% 
         Loans to corporates 
16,371   
15,345   
+6.7% 
 
Loans to individuals stood at EUR 22.8 billion, a year-on-year increase of 4.5 per cent. in 2020. 
Mortgage loans increased by 5.2 per cent. to EUR 20.7 billion in 2020. 
Consumer loans decreased 1.5 per cent. to EUR 1.7 billion in 2020, in an adverse environment of restrictions 
on activity and mobility. 
Loans to corporates amounted to EUR 16.4 billion as at 31 December 2020, an increase of 6.7 per cent. from 
2019, reflecting the support given to the Portuguese business fabric.  
The Bank offered moratoria on loans to individuals and corporates, complementing the Portuguese State’s 
moratorium, in order to reduce the charges on these loans for customers whose income decreased as a result 
of the adverse effects of the pandemic, as well as agreed credit facilities to support the economy and to free 
up liquidity for companies to be able to meet their commitments. 
 
 
 
 
 
109.0
114.9
Dec-19
Dec-20
+5,9 p.p.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (GROSS) 
billion euro 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
At the end of 2020, the non-performing exposure ratio, in line with the EBA’s definition, stood at 2.6 per cent., 
a 0.6 per cent. year-on-year decrease, with the non-performing exposure coverage ratio standing at 66.8 per 
cent. (increase of 13.7 per cent. in relation to the previous year). The cost of credit, measured by the ratio 
between impairment on financial assets and the average of credit granted and other balances receivable at 
amortised cost, stood at 0.45 per cent. in 2020, reflecting the preventive reinforcement of the impairment of 
credit to anticipate the negative effects of the pandemic. 
 
CREDIT RISK RATIOS 
Dec-20 
Dec-19 
Var. 
Non-performing exposure Ratio 
2.6% 
3.2% 
-0.6 p.p. 
Non Performing Exposure coverage ratio 
66.8% 
53.1% 
+13.7 p.p. 
Cost of credit 
0.45% 
(0.02%) 
+0.47 p.p. 
 
Customers’ Resources amounted to EUR 43.5 billion at the end of 2020, an increase of 0.8 per cent. when 
compared with the amount recorded in 2019 supported by the increase in deposits (1.1 per cent. of year-on-
year growth) which offset the 0.4 per cent. decrease of off-balance sheet resources since 2019. 
RESOURCES (million euro) 
Dec-20 
Dec-19 
Var. 
Customers' resources 
43,539 
43,174 
+0.8% 
    On-balance sheet resources 
36,270 
35,873 
+1.1% 
         Deposits 
36,270 
35,873 
+1.1% 
    Off-balance sheet resources 
7,269 
7,301 
-0.4% 
         Investment funds marketed by the Bank 
3,252 
3,066 
+6.1% 
         Insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank 
4,017 
4,235 
-5.2% 
 
Deposits amounted to EUR 36.3 billion in 2020, an increase of 1.1 per cent. year-on-year, being the main 
source of balance sheet funding and reflecting household consumption activity, which favoured higher saving 
rates, and the financial soundness of the Bank, which reinforces customers’ trust in a context of historically 
low interest rates. 
Off-balance sheet resources stood at EUR 7.3 billion at the end of 2020, down 0.4 per cent. in relation to 
December 2019. Investment funds marketed by the Bank, in the amount of EUR 3.3 billion, increased 6.1 per 
cent. compared to last year and insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank stood at EUR 4 billion 
as at 31 December 2020, decreasing 5.2 per cent. year-on-year. 
2.8
3.5
15.3
16.4
21.8
22.8
Dec-19
Dec-20
Individuals
Corporates
Other
40,0
42,7
+6.8%

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Solvency Ratios 
At the end of December 2020, the Issuer had a high capitalisation, with the CET1 ratio, calculated according 
to CRR/CRD IV, standing at 20.8 per cent. (fully implemented), an increase of 5.7 per cent. from the previous 
year (as presented below), thus complying with all the capital ratios required by the ECB under the SREP. For 
more information regarding the minimum own funds requirements to be observed by the BST Group, please 
see risk factor entitled “The Issuer is subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements, which may change”. 
The MREL requirement has been set at 10.12 per cent. of the total liabilities and own funds of the resolution 
group (headed by SGPS), based on the data of 31 December 2017 and still accurate as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which is equivalent to 23.10 per cent. of its RWA. 
This evolution reflected the ability of RWA to allow for the organic generation of capital and management. 
Taking into account the ECB’s recommendation of 27 March 2020 (ECB/2020/19), the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer decided not to distribute dividends in 2020. 
CAPITAL (million euro) 
  
Dec-20   
Dec-19   
Var. 
Common Equity Tier 1 
  
3,729   
2,820   
32.2% 
Tier 1 Capital 
  
3,729   
2,820   
+32.2% 
Total Capital 
  
4,138   
3,228   
+28.2% 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) 
  
17,954   
18,681   
-3.9% 
CET 1 ratio 
  
20.8%   
15.1%   
+5.7 p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio  
  
20.8%   
15.1%   
+5.7 p.p. 
Total Capital Ratio 
  
23.1%   
17.3%   
+5.8 p.p.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SGPS 
Incorporation and Registered Office 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A., incorporated under Portuguese Law, is the holding company of BST, with a 
registered and fully-paid share capital of EUR 1,972,962.00, with a nominal value of one cent each and 
registered in the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under the sole registration number and taxpayer 507 
096 851. SGPS’s registered address is at Rua do Ouro n. º 88 – 1100-063 Lisboa, Portugal, and its registered 
office telephone number is +351 21 3262031. SGPS was registered by deed on 19 December 2004. Its 
commercial name is Santander SGPS.  
The Issuer is a holding company regulated by the Decree-Law 495/98, of 30 December, as amended.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of SGPS is 5493005RLLC1P7VSVC58. 
SGPS’s share capital is held at 99.848 per cent. by Banco Santander, S.A.  
SGPS’s share capital, fully issued and paid-up in cash or in other assets making up SGPS’s assets, is of EUR 
1,972,962,079.58, which is represented by 197,296,207,958 ordinary shares, with a par value of one euro cent 
each. 
SGPS is managed by a Board of Directors (Conselho de Administração) elected at the General Shareholders’ 
Meeting for a three-year period and each of its members is bound by duties of care and loyalty in order to 
optimise the interests of all relevant stakeholders (in accordance with the Commercial Companies Code – 
Article 64 – and the Credit Institutions General Regime – Article 75). The business address for each of the 
members of the Management and Statutory Bodies is Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Rua do Ouro, no. 88, 
1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Governing bodies of SGPS, for the 2019-2021 term of office, are: 
Board of the General Meeting 
Chairman 
 
José Manuel Galvão Teles 
Deputy-chairman 
 
António Maria Pinto Leite 
Secretary 
 
João Afonso Pereira Gomes da Silva 
Board of Directors 
Chairman 
 
José Carlos Brito Sítima14 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Member 
 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
Audit Committee 
Chairman 
 
José Duarte Assunção Dias 
Members 
 
Fernando Jorge Marques Vieira 
Ricardo Manuel Duarte Vidal Castro 
Alternate 
 
José Luís Areal Alves da Cunha 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., represented by 
Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado for the periods ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and 
represented by José Manuel Henriques Bernardo for the period beginning on 1 January 2021. 
Executive Committee 
Chairman 
Member 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
                                                     
14 On 18 March 2020, Mr. José Carlos Brito Sítima became Chairman of the Board of Directors of SGPS by virtue of the death, on the 
same date, of António José Sacadura Vieira Monteiro.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Company Secretary 
Full 
 
João Afonso Pereira Gomes da Silva 
Alternate 
 
Bruno Miguel dos Santos de Jesus 
Cristina Isabel Cristovam Braz Vaz Serra 
Relevant activities of the members of the Board of Directors outside SGPS 
 
Within the consolidation 
perimeter 
Outside the consolidation 
perimeter 
José Carlos Brito Sítima 
Santander Totta SGPS (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors) 
Portal Universia Portugal – 
Prestação de Serviços 
Informáticos, S.A. (Chairman 
General Meeting); Câmara 
Comércio Luso Espanhola 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Manuel António Amaral Franco 
Preto 
Banco Santander Totta, SA 
(Member of the Board of 
Directors; Deputy-Chairman of the 
ExCo); Taxagest (Chairman) 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e 
Almeida 
Banco Santander Totta, SA 
(Deputy-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; Chairman of the ExCo | 
CEO) 
ACEGE (Strategy Council); 
Centro Paroquial São Francisco 
de Paula (Non-Executive 
Director); ISEG (Advisory 
Council); Fundação Alfredo de 
Sousa (Board of Trusttees 
Member) 
José Duarte Assunção Dias 
Santander Totta Seguros 
(Alternate member of Audit 
Board); Gamma (Chairman of 
Audit Board); Aegon Santander 
Portugal Vida (Chairman of Audit 
Board); Aegon Santander 
Portugal Não Vida (Chairman of 
Audit Board); Popular Seguros 
(Alternate member of Audit Board)  
Alves da Cunha, A. Dias & 
Associados SROC (Partner) 
Fernando Jorge Marques Vieira 
Gamma (member Audit Board) 
Mazars & Associados - Sociedade 
de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
S.A. (Partner and company 
Representative in other 
entities/companies in the provison 
of audit services and/or ROC) 
Ricardo Manuel Duarte Vidal de 
Castro 
Gamma (member Audit Board) 
Clube do Autor (Executive Board 
member); CFO&F SA (CFO); 
Rimaduvica Lda (manager) 
 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to SGPS by any of the members of either the 
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee, the General Meeting or the Audit Board in respect of their private 
or other duties. 
SGPS Economic and Financial Information in 2020  
Consolidated Business 
Introduction 
At the end of December 2020, SGPS returned a consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders of 
ST, SGPS of EUR 295.6 million, a decrease of 43.9 per cent. when compared to the sum of EUR 527.3 million 
in the previous year. 
As at 31 December 2020, the return on equity ratio between consolidated net income attributable to the 
shareholders of ST, SGPS and total equity at the beginning of the period stood at 6.9 per cent. and the 
efficiency ratio was 43.8 per cent., with an improvement of 0.1 per cent. when compared to December 2019. 
This resulted from the 4.3 per cent. decrease in net income from banking activities and the 4.5 per cent. 
decrease in operating costs. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 42.7 billion, an increase of 6.8 per cent. when 
compared to the same period in the previous year. Loans to individuals grew by 4.5 per cent. and loans to 
corporates grew by 6.7 per cent. 
SGPS’s non-performing exposure amounted to 2.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, down 0.6 per cent. from 
the previous year, with a coverage by provisions of 66.8 per cent. 
Customers’ resources amounted to EUR 43.2 billion in 2020, up 1.9 per cent. when compared to 2019, with a 
2.3 per cent. increase in deposits and a 0.4 per cent. decrease in off-balance sheet resources. 
The fully-loaded CET1 ratio stood at 20.6 per cent., above the minimum required by the ECB under the SREP, 
an increase of 5.6 per cent. when compared to the end of 2019. 
The funding obtained from the Eurosystem in the amount of EUR 6.8 billion, was based entirely on TLTRO III 
operations. Net exposure to the ECB (borrowings net of investments with this institution) stood at EUR 2.9 
billion. Long-term financing also includes EUR 2 billion of covered bonds (with the repayment of a mortgage 
bond amounting to EUR 0.75 billion (nominal amount), without refinancing through the market), and EUR 0.6 
billion of securitizations.  
Short-term funding achieved through repos amounted to EUR 1.3 billion in 2020. 
The LCR calculated in accordance with EBA rules, stood at 121.9 per cent., meeting the regulatory 
requirement. 
Results  
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (million euro) 
  
Dec-20 
Dec-19 
Var. 
Net interest income 
  
786.6 
855.7 
-8.1% 
Income from equity instruments 
  
1.7 
1.8 
-3.1% 
Results from associates 
  
14.6 
10.8 
+34.7% 
Net fees 
  
373.2 
380.5 
-1.9% 
Other operating results 
  
9.6 
11.4 
-15.7%

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Insurance activity 
  
17.2 
21.7 
-20.5% 
Commercial revenue 
  
1,203.0 
1,281.9 
-6.2% 
Gain/losses on financial assets 
  
114.7 
95.2 
+20.5% 
Net income from banking activities 
  
1,317.7 
1,377.1 
-4.3% 
Operating costs 
  
(577.2) 
(604.4) 
-4.5% 
  Staff expenses 
  
(324.4) 
(346.0) 
-6.2% 
  Other administrative expenses 
  
(200.4) 
(208.8) 
-4.0% 
  Depreciation 
  
(52.4) 
(49.6) 
+5.6% 
Net operating Income 
  
740.5 
772.7 
-4.2% 
Impairment, net provisions and other results  
  
(335.5) 
(32.9) 
+919.7% 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests 
  
405.0 
739.8 
-45.3% 
Taxes 
  
(109.3) 
(212.3) 
-48.5% 
Income after taxes and before non-controlling interests 
  
295.7 
527.5 
-43.9% 
Non-controlling interests 
  
0.1 
0.2 
-50.0% 
Consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders of ST, SGPS 
  
295.6 
527.3 
-43.9% 
Note: The accounting policies used in the income statement for 2020 are consistent with those used to comply with FINREP 
2.9, contributions to the Resolution Fund and Deposits Guarantee System were reclassified from "Other operating results" to 
"Net provisions and other results", and so as to be comparable, all values from 2019 were adjusted accordingly. 
 
In 2020, net interest income stood at EUR 786.6 million, down 8.1 per cent. when compared to EUR 855.7 
million at the end of 2019, reflecting the decline in credit spreads in a competitive environment with negative 
interest rates, a decrease in the demand for credit by companies outside the scope of the Portuguese State 
guaranteed credit facilities, and the management of the public debt portfolio.  
The results from associates amounted to EUR 14.6 million, an increase of 34.7 per cent. when compared to 
EUR 10.8 million in 2019.  
Net fees amounted to EUR 373.2 million in 2020, 1.9 per cent. lower than EUR 380.5 million in 2019, with a 
reduction in credit, means of payment and insurance commissions. This evolution mirrored the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the reduction of activity and the impact of the temporary suspension of a number of 
fees within the scope of the measures to support businesses and households, complementing the moratorium 
and credit facilities provided with State guarantee, in particular the exemption of fees on national transfers 
through the Issuer’s digital channels, free of charge replacement of cards without contactless technology by 
cards with this technology, and lower fees for POS terminals. 
Other operating results amounted to EUR 9.6 million in 2020, 15.7 per cent. below the same period last year, 
with emphasis on lower income from property rents, due to the lower volume of the property portfolio, and the 
context of the health crisis, with the publication of legislation that offered a grace period for the payment of 
rents.  
Insurance activity amounted to EUR 17.2 million in 2020, down 20.5 per cent. when compared to EUR 21.7 
million in 2019, reflecting the transfer of a portfolio of the former Eurovida Seguros to Aegon Santander 
Seguros.  
The commercial revenue totalled EUR 1,203 million, 6.2 per cent. less than EUR 1,281.9 million recorded in 
2019.  
Gain/losses on financial assets amounted to EUR 114.7 million in 2020, when compared to EUR 95.2 million 
in 2019, with the inclusion of income generated by the management of the public debt portfolio.  
Net income from banking activities amounted to EUR 1,317.7 million at the end of December 2020, a decrease 
of 4.3 per cent. from the amount at the end of December 2019, mainly translating the decrease of net interest 
income and net fees, and the growth in income from gains/losses on financial assets.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
NET INCOME FROM BANKING ACTIVITIES 
million euro 
 
 Operating costs amounted to EUR 577.2 million in 2020, down 4.5 per cent. from 2019. In 2020, there has 
been a reduction of 214 employees and 65 service centres, within the context of the digitalization era, with the 
progressive reduction of branches and the functional redefinition of others, along with increased automation 
of processes and functions of central services.  
Staff expenses amounted to EUR 324.4 million in 2020, down 6.2 per cent. from 2019.  
Other administrative expenses amounted to EUR 200.4 million in 2020, a year-on-year decrease of 4.0 per 
cent.  
Depreciation amounted to EUR 52.4 million in 2020, up 5.6 per cent. when compared to the end of 2019, with 
investment in digital transformation.  
With respect to 2020’s operating costs structure, staff expenses accounted for 56 per cent. of the total value, 
followed by other administrative expenses at 35 per cent. and depreciation at 9 per cent.  
OPERATING COSTS (million euro)  
  Dec-20   Dec-19   
Var. 
  Staff expenses 
  (324.4)   (346.0)   
-6.2% 
  Other administrative expenses 
  (200.4)   (208.8)   
-4.0% 
  Depreciation 
  
(52.4)   
(49.6)   
+5.6% 
Operating costs 
  (577.2)   (604.4)   
-4.5% 
  
    
    
  
  
Efficiency ratio 
  
43.8%   
43.9%   -0.2 p.p. 
At the end of 2020, the efficiency ratio decreased by 0.2 percentage points, down from 43.9 per cent. to 43.8 
per cent, through the 4.3 per cent. reduction of net income from banking activities and the 4.5 per cent. 
reduction of operating costs. 
426.2
416.4
95.2
114.7
855.7
786.6
Dec-19
Dec-20
Net Interest Income
Gain/losses on financial assets
Income from equity instruments, results from associates, net fees, insurance activity and other operating results
1,377.1
1,317.7
-4.3%

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
EFFICIENCY RATIO 
  
  
  
% 
 
#REF! 
In 2020, the net operating income of EUR 740.5 million decreased by 4.2 per cent., compared to the EUR 
772.7 million achieved in the same period last year, given that the downward trend of operating costs did not 
fully absorb the reduction of operating income.  
Impairment, net provisions and other results entailed a cost of EUR 335.5 million in 2020, compared to EUR 
32.9 million in 2019.  
In 2020, a preventive reinforcement of provisions for credit impairment was made, in order to face potential 
losses from the non-payment of loans with non-productive exposures, as a result of the pandemic situation, 
reflecting the incorporation of the forward looking component of the most adverse macroeconomic scenario.  
There were also regulatory costs, with the Portuguese Resolution Fund and with the banking sector 
contribution in the amount of EUR 70.1 million, higher than the EUR 60.9 million of 2019. 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests amounted to EUR 405.0 million in 2020, a decrease of 45.3 
per cent. when compared to EUR 739.8 million in 2019.  
Taxes totalled EUR 109.3 million in 2020, an annual decrease of 48.5 per cent. when compared to the EUR 
212.3 million recorded a year earlier.  
At the end of 2020, SGPS returned a consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders of ST, SGPS 
of EUR 295.6 million, a decrease of 43.9 per cent. when compared to the sum of EUR 527.3 million in 2019, 
reflecting the impact associated with the COVID-19 pandemic crisis.  
Balance Sheet and Business 
At the end of 2020, business volume amounted to EUR 85.9 billion, up 4.2 per cent. when compared to the 
2019 figure of EUR 82.4 billion, resulting from the 6.8 per cent. increase of loans and advances to customers 
(gross), and of the 1.9 per cent. increase of customers’ resources.  
BUSINESS VOLUME (million euro) 
  Dec-20   Dec-19   
Var. 
Business Volume 
  85,892   82,404   +4.2% 
 Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
  42,684   39,984   +6.8% 
Customers' Resources 
  43,208   42,420   +1.9% 
 
The loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 116.1 per cent. in December 2020, 4.7 per cent. more than in the same 
period last year, the result of the growth of loans and advances exceeding that of deposits.  
 
43.9
43.8
Dec-19
Dec-20
-0.2 p.p.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
LOAN-TO-DEPOSIT RATIO (transformation ratio) 
% 
 
#REF! 
At the end of December 2020, the portfolio of loans and advances to customers (gross) stood at EUR 42.7 
billion, up 6.8 per cent. when compared to the same period in the previous year, reflecting the application of 
moratoria to loans for households and businesses, and the production of credit facilities to support the 
economy within the context of the health crisis.  
LOANS (million euro) 
  
Dec-20   
Dec-19 
  
Var. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
  
42,684   
39,984   
+6.8% 
    of which 
  
    
    
  
         Loans to individuals 
  
22,767   
21,789   
+4.5% 
                of which 
  
    
    
  
                    Mortgage  
  
20,670   
19,654   
+5.2% 
                    Consumer 
  
1,680   
1,707   
-1.5% 
         Loans to corporates 
  
16,371   
15,345   
+6.7% 
 
Loans to individuals stood at EUR 22.8 billion in 2020, a year-on-year increase of 4.5 per cent. in relation to 
2019.  
Mortgage loans rose 5.2 per cent. to EUR 20.7 billion in 2020.  
Consumer credit decreased 1.5 per cent. to EUR 1.7 billion in 2020, in an adverse environment of restrictions 
on activity and mobility.  
Loans to corporates stood at EUR 16.4 billion in 2020, equivalent to a year-on-year increase of 6.7 per cent., 
reflecting the support given to the Portuguese business fabric.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111.3
116.1
Dec-19
Dec-20
+4.7 p.p.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (GROSS) 
  
billion euro 
 
 
At the end of 2020, SGPS’s non-performing exposure, calculated in keeping with the EBA definition, stood at 
2.6 per cent., a decrease of 0.6 per cent. over the same period in the previous year. The cover of the non-
performing exposure by impairments stood at 66.8 per cent. (up 13.7 per cent. when compared to the 53.1 per 
cent. recorded in December 2019). The cost of credit stood at 0.45 per cent., reflecting the preventive 
reinforcement of the impairment of the credit to anticipate the effects of the pandemic. 
CREDIT RISK RATIOS 
  Dec-20   Dec-19   
Var. 
Non-Performing Exposure Ratio 
  
2.6%   
3.2%   
-0.6 p.p. 
Non Performing Exposure coverage Ratio 
  
66.8%   
53.1%   +13.7 p.p. 
Cost of credit 
  
0.45%   (0.02%)   +0.47 p.p. 
 
At the end of December 2020, customers’ resources totalled EUR 43.2 billion, up 1.9 per cent. when compared 
to the same period in the previous year, supported by the performance of deposits (annual growth of 2.3 per 
cent.) which offset the decrease of off-balance sheet resources (0.4 per cent. less than at the end of December 
2019). 
RESOURCES (million euro) 
  Dec-20   Dec-19   
Var.   
Customers' resources 
  43,208   42,420   +1.9% 
    On-balance sheet resources 
  35,939   35,119   +2.3% 
         Deposits 
  35,939   35,119   +2.3% 
    Off-balance sheet resources 
  
7,269   
7,301   -0.4% 
         Investment funds 
  
3,252   
3,066   +6.1% 
         Insurance and other resources 
  
4,017   
4,235   -5.2%   
 
Deposits in the amount of EUR 35.9 billion in 2020, were up 2.3 per cent. compared to 2019, constituting the 
main source of funding of the balance sheet and reflecting the activity of household consumption, which 
favoured higher saving rates, and the financial soundness of the Issuer, which reinforces the trust of customers 
in a context of interest rates at historic lows.  
2.9
3.5
15.3
16.4
21.8
22.8
Dec-19
Dec-20
Individuals
Corporates
Other
40.0
42.7
+6.8%

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Off-balance sheet resources stood at EUR 7.3 billion in 2020, down 0.4 per cent. from the December 2019 
figure. Investment funds marketed by the Issuer, in the amount of EUR 3.3 billion increased by 6.1 per cent. 
over the previous year. Insurance and other resources of EUR 4 billion were down 5.2 per cent. year-on-year.  
Solvency Ratios 
At the end of 2020, the Issuer had a high capitalization, with the CET1 ratio calculated in accordance with the 
CRR/CRD IV rules, standing at 20.6 per cent. (fully loaded), an increase of 5.6 per cent. when compared to 
the previous year, thus complying with all the capital ratios required by the ECB under the SREP. 
 
CAPITAL (million euro) 
  Dec-20   Dec-19   
Var. 
Common Equity Tier I 
  
3,697   
2,804   
+31.9% 
Tier I Capital 
  
4,297   
3,404   
+26.3% 
Total Capital 
  
4,373   
3,477   
+25.8% 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) 
  17,958   18,648   
-3.7% 
CET I ratio 
  
20.6%   
15.0%   +5.6 p.p. 
Tier I ratio  
  
23.9%   
18.3%   +5.6 p.p. 
Total Capital Ratio 
  
24.4%   
18.6%   +5.8 p.p.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
BUSINESS OF THE BST GROUP 
Business Areas Overview 
Individuals and Businesses 
2020 was a year of adaptation and resilience. A very challenging year for everyone, especially for banks’ 
commercial areas, which remained at the forefront of customer relations. This relationship has naturally 
changed due to the pandemic but, despite the restrictions, BST branches have always kept their doors open 
to the public, even during the lockdowns. At the same time, new ways of working – more digital and more 
remote, were developed and implemented.  
The Bank’s activity directed at private and small businesses was mainly ensured by a network of more than 
400 branches spread across Portugal. With the increased digitization of customers, remote service through 
“Santander Próximo”, a 100 per cent. digital branch with specialized managers, has gained greater relevance.  
The Bank still maintains its mission of supporting the development of families and companies, and the ambition 
of being the best bank for employees, customers and society at large.  
The Bank’s strategy in the Individuals segment was mainly to reinforce its leadership in mortgage loans, 
through the open house platform, and to boost commercial activity in the areas of protection (insurance), 
savings and payments.  
Despite the pandemic, the accumulated production of mortgage loans grew by 31 per cent. compared to 2019, 
a growth higher than that of the rest of the market, and thus the Bank increased its market share from 20 per 
cent. to 24 per cent. The production of personal loans, in turn, amounted to EUR 378 million (28 per cent. 
lower than in 2019), with an emphasis on the online solution "CrediSimples", which accounted for 40 per cent. 
of production. 
In the Protection (insurance) segment, the Bank has been developing global solutions in various fields 
(including, health, life, car and home) through Aegon Santander and through partnerships with other insurance 
companies. Amidst the pandemic, exceptional measures were taken to offer free online medical services to all 
Bank clients, through the Health SafeCare App, and to put an end to the exclusion of pandemics in health, life 
and salary protection insurances. A commercial offer campaign was also launched with preferential conditions 
(offer of 3 month fees in the first annuity) for new customers in the second and third quarters of 2020. 
The partnership model was strengthened to increase supply, which resulted in the launch of the first product 
of Mapfre Santander (multi-risk business insurance) and the establishment of a partnership with Aon for the 
provision of a customised service for large companies.  
Finally, the progress in the digital transformation of protection insurance, has provided a wider offer to private 
customers through digital channels, namely through the launch of home protection insurances and the “Health 
SafeCare Viva Mais”, through NetBanco private. 
As regards the Savings segment, in 2020, due to the unique characteristics of the year, households and 
companies’ savings grew significantly (by more than EUR 3 billion). Despite the instability of the markets at 
the beginning of the pandemic, the diversification of off-balance sheet investments stands out, mainly in 
investment funds and retirement savings. 
The Payments segment was focused on positioning BST as the digital payments bank, namely by launching 
solutions that allow customers to pay for their purchases using any mobile device worldwide, in a simple, fast 
and secure way. The innovations started with the launch of “Santander Wallet” on BST’s App, which, in addition 
to sending and receiving money via a mobile phone number, allows clients to pay at a store via near field 
communication technology or by capturing a QR code. 
Additionally, BST’s customers were offered the possibility of digitalizing their bank cards in their Apple, Garmin, 
Fitbit, and online trade payment wallets. These innovations are based on tokenization technology and help 
increase the security level of transactions. The number of BST cards digitalized on these electronic platforms 
has already reached more than 950,000. 
With a view to improving customer experience, and avoiding the wait for delivery of the physical bank card, 
the Bank made a digital card immediately available, thus allowing customers to view their card details and 
make payments via the BST App. 
The Bank continued to pursue its strategy of developing immediate transfers, complementing its simple and 
flexible package-based offer, namely through connection to the Target Instant Payment Settlement (“TIPS”)

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
service, making it possible to order immediate wire transfers to TIPS-member banks in other Single Euro 
Payments Area (“SEPA”) countries. 
There was also a focus on POS terminals, taking into account the challenges of the pandemic and the growth 
in online business. Therefore, the Bank promoted the upgrade of an online gateway to accept cards, payment 
of services and “MBWay”, as well as the installation in merchants of a simpler and quicker solution called 
“vTerminal”, which, together with the Bank’s marketing through digital channels and its very competitive offer, 
resulted in an increased market share to 20 per cent. 
Lastly, within the scope of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market and the opportunities generated by open banking, 
the Bank focused on ensuring regulatory impositions and, in addition, allowed customers to use BST channels 
as aggregators of information from other banks. In other words, it is now possible to view account statements 
or to initiate payment of accounts from other banks directly through BST channels. 
The daily banking segment is responsible for managing the offer of all services provided by the Bank to its 
clients. Its fundamental priority is to provide a simple, secure and accessible payment experience through any 
channel and promoting the simplification of the account and card portfolio to make its offer more competitive. 
The further development of digital channels was one of the Bank’s main priorities in 2020. In this context, the 
Bank highlights the opening of a digital account using a digital mobile key and, for university students, through 
video conferencing.  
It is also worth highlighting the positive evolution in the number of “Mundo 123 Privado” customers (i.e., 
customers with an account, a card and protection insurance), which has surpassed 300,000 customers. In 
2020, the Bank returned cashback benefits to 77 per cent. of these customers, in a total amount of EUR 15 
million. 
In a context characterised by great uncertainty and strong constraints on the economy, and with an adverse 
impact on the activity of entrepreneurs and smaller businesses, the Bank has remained loyal to its objective 
of strengthening its presence in the business segment and has been at the frontline of provision of support to 
Portuguese companies. In addition to providing a wide range of innovative solutions, it immediately joined the 
initiatives promoted by the Portuguese Government (namely moratoria and credit facilities guaranteed by the 
Portuguese State) to address the short-term financial difficulties being faced by companies as a result of the 
sharp slowdown in economic activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
With the aim of giving its customers greater autonomy in the use of certain banking products and services to 
help manage their day-to-day activities, either through the granting of online credit (“CrediSimples Business”) 
or by privileging digital payments, the Bank has been strengthening and deepening its omnichannel approach 
by complementing the services provided by the physical network with a strong investment in digital channels, 
thus contributing to increased customer satisfaction and loyalty to BST. 
As a result of the Bank’s greater proximity and support to customers, the credit portfolio of the business 
segment recorded, in 2020, an increase of 18.4 per cent. 
In the Corporate and Institutional segment, BST maintains its strong commitment to the Portuguese business 
fabric, providing a vast number of financial and non-financial offers to its customers, as well as a commercial 
network composed of experienced professionals who are always available to help find the solutions that best 
suit the customers’ needs. In addition, the availability of new products and services through BST’s digital 
channels has not only strengthened the digital customer base, but has also resulted in an increased number 
of satisfied and, consequently, more loyal customers. 
In terms of credit, and in response to the pandemic’s profound effects on the economy and on businesses, 
BST, together with the Portuguese State and the competent public entities, was at the forefront in supporting 
companies and institutions, optimizing processes and improving internal procedures, with a view to making 
the agreed credit facilities promptly available to its customers, thus helping to release liquidity in a timely 
manner which has allowed companies to meet their immediate commitments, especially towards their 
employees and suppliers.  
In terms of the offer of credit products to companies, it is worth noting the wider range of solutions in BST’s 
agriculture offer with the launch of Santander Financing with Guarantee – “FEI AGRI Facility”, an investment 
financing solution for the agriculture and agro-industrial sectors guaranteed by the European Investment Fund, 
and “Agrofácil Tesouraria”, a short-term financing solution.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Regarding the Institutional Banking segment, BST maintains its commitment to customers in this segment, 
both in terms of public entities (mainly including the autonomous regions and municipalities) and private 
entities, with a special focus on religious institutions and social economy institutions, which have played a key 
role in supporting families with fewer resources during the pandemic period. The Bank has also played a very 
active role in publicising and making available the COVID-19 support facility for the social sector agreed 
between the Social Security Financial Management Institute, Banco Português de Fomento, the Mutual 
Guarantee Societies (namely Garval – Sociedade de Garantia Mútua, S.A., Lisgarante – Sociedade de 
Garantia Mútua, S.A. and Norgarante – Sociedade de Garantia Mútua, S.A.) and BST, with a global allocation 
of EUR 165 million. In 2020, the volume of business in the Institutional Banking segment grew by 2.6 per cent., 
with special emphasis on resources, which increased by 10.8 per cent. 
Wealth management and Insurance 
BST’s private banking activity was particularly affected by the pandemic, with an initial impact of significant 
devaluations and redemptions of risky assets. On the other hand, the firmness and dimension of the joint 
policies pursued by the main central banks gave the markets the feeling that the instruments required for 
recovery would be available. Thus, after sharp initial declines, the markets embarked on a sustained (although 
volatile) path of recovery, which continued until the end of 2020. Despite a difficult year, most business 
indicators showed a positive performance, namely the volume of assets managed, including under the funds 
and insurance headings, and the growth in the number of clients. 
All ongoing initiatives to improve commercial efficiency were maintained, freeing up more time for advising and 
monitoring private banking clients, which improved the service that characterizes this business segment. In 
recognition of its service in general, and customer service in particular, BST’s private banking was 
distinguished as the best private bank operating in Portugal for the 10th consecutive year, according to 
Euromoney magazine, and was similarly recognized by the Global Finance magazine for the 6th consecutive 
year. 
2020 was a very atypical year in terms of the investment component. Throughout the year, Santander Asset 
Management (“SAM”) sought to manage its mutual fund units (“FIMs”) actively, with the goal of maximizing 
return for its participants. The year ended with EUR 144 million in net FIMs under management and EUR 2,558 
million in assets under management, representing a 17.5 per cent. of the market share, compared to 17.9 per 
cent. in the previous year. The Bank continued to foster a service attitude, with an intensive plan of initiatives 
aimed at improving customer experience.  
Real estate investment funds totalled EUR 329 million in assets under management at the end of 2020. 
In financial insurance, the focus remained on the active management of “Open Financial Insurance”, which 
ended the year with EUR 642 million assets under management, in addition to the high number of maturities 
that occurred during 2020 and which amounted to EUR 321 million.  
Retirement solutions also had a very important focus on commercial activity, increasing by EUR 96 million in 
fund format and by EUR 47 million in secure format in 2020.  
Corporate and Investment Banking 
In the Corporate & Investment Banking segment, faced with an adverse scenario caused by the pandemic, 
the Bank focused on the importance to reinforce its proximity and commitment to customers. The loans 
portfolio recorded an increase of 8.7 per cent. compared to the 2019 figure, while revenues showed a reduction 
of 0.8 per cent. compared to the same period in 2019, mainly due to the economic downturn. 
The importance BST has placed on digital channels, especially the digital exchange contracting platform (via 
NetBanco corporate), helps to ensure an adequate response to users’ needs in the current context of social 
distancing. 
It is also worth noting that BST was named “Best Investment Bank Portugal 2020” by Euromoney. 
In the global debt financing segment, 2020 was marked by the following significant transactions: 
• 
BST’s participation as Bookrunner in the issuance of a hybrid green bond by EDP – Energias de Portugal, 
S.A., with a maturity of 60 years and in the amount of EUR 750 million; 
• 
First green issuance of a residential mortgage backed security in Portugal, by Unión de Créditos 
Inmobiliarios, S.A., in the amount of EUR 270 million;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
• 
Financing Morgan Stanley Infrastructure’s acquisition of the Altice Portugal, S.A fibre network, in which 
BST participated as mandated lead arranger;  
• 
Financing for the acquisition by Engie, Mirova and Credit Agricole Assurances of 6 hydro plants, with a 
total capacity of 1.7GW, from EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A.; 
• 
Financing for the acquisition by Finerge, S.A. of several solar photovoltaic parks from Glennmont Partners 
and Martifer, in Portugal and Spain; and 
• 
The refinancing of Iberwind, the third largest group of renewables in Portugal, following its acquisition by 
JP Morgan Infraestructures (Ventient). 
During 2020, several significant financing transactions were completed in a wide range of sectors, with an 
emphasis on several financing and refinancing operations in the real estate sector, including shopping centres 
and property development for student residences. 
In the corporate finance segment, the main financial advisory operations included: 
• 
Advising Cellnex on the acquisition of Omtel from Morgan Stanley Infrastructure and Altice;  
• 
Advising Sonae Sierra, SGPS, S.A. and APG on the sale of 50 per cent. of Sierra Prime to Allianz and 
Elo; 
• 
Advising Glennmont Partners on the sale of a photovoltaic portfolio in Portugal to Finerge, S.A.; 
• 
Advising NOS, SGPS, S.A. on the sale of NOS Towering’s portfolio of towers to Cellnex; 
• 
Advising EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. on the sale of 2 CCGTs and on the B2C customer business in 
Spain to Total; and 
• 
Advising Efanor and acting as a financial intermediary in the takeover bid launched over Sonae Capital. 
As far as treasury is concerned, despite the atypical and unpredictable nature of the year 2020, BST kept 
providing support in response to companies’ various needs, which translated into a significant increase in 
activity.  
The first lockdown period, and the consequent drop in economic activity, resulted in a decrease in the 
formalization of new financing, as well as in foreign exchange operations, amplified by the very sharp 
contraction in the tourism sector. The subsequent reopening of the main commercial activities (with greater 
difficulty in certain sectors of activity, notably, in the hospitality and tourism sectors) allowed for a normalization 
of treasury operations with customers, with an increase in the number of foreign exchange operations and 
credit operations with interest rate risk coverage, particularly in the last quarter of 2020, and an increase in the 
number and volume of operations compared to the same quarter of the previous year. 
In the foreign exchange segment, 2020 brought a huge transformation in the offer of available contracting 
channels, with an emphasis on the strong increase in the number of spot foreign exchange operations resulting 
from increased activity on the exchange contracting platform provided through the NetBanco corporate 
channel. This platform, complemented by a permanent team in the markets room, offered customers – even 
from their homes – permanent access to all means of contracting foreign exchange transactions, thus ensuring 
an adequate response to their needs. 
As regards interest rate transactions, the context of greater uncertainty meant that a significant percentage of 
credit granted was formalized at a fixed rate.  
The corporate and commercial banking segment ended 2020 with new maximums in terms of volume and 
contracted operations, under both the foreign exchange and interest rate operations headings. 
In the cash equities segment, despite the instability resulting from the pandemic, the elections in the US, and 
the conclusion of the agreement between the UK and the EU regarding Brexit, in 2020, the volumes traded on 
the stock markets recorded an impressive growth compared to the previous year. After a third quarter that 
seemed to signal a return to “normality”, the fourth quarter of the year returned to record volumes, similar to 
those of the second quarter. BST’s business continued to show a better performance than the rest of the 
market, evidenced by an increased market share. According to data released by the CMVM, the volume of 
orders on shares received by financial institutions in Portugal grew by approximately 70.9 per cent. year-on-
year, totalling about EUR 18,612 million. In the same period, BST grew by 124.9 per cent. to EUR 1,313 million, 
representing a market share of 7.1 per cent. (5.4 per cent. in 2019).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
In the online business, the Portuguese market grew by 59 per cent. to EUR 12,863 million, with BST having 
contributed EUR 1,148 million, a 135 per cent. increase over the same period in 2019, and a share of 8.9 per 
cent. (6.0 per cent. in the same period of last year).  
Foreign Customers and Residents Abroad 
Due to the country’s social and political stability, appealing climate, and its progressive development of 
infrastructure, there are more and more foreigners interested in investing and living permanently in Portugal. 
The existence of significant communities of Portuguese emigrants living abroad is already an established 
phenomenon. 
Attentive to these two segments, the Bank has a team whose main objectives are to, on the one hand, promote 
strong commercial ties with and close proximity to the communities of Portuguese and Portuguese 
descendants living abroad, and, on the other hand, attract foreign customers who choose to invest and/or 
establish their residence in Portugal. The Bank has a network of representative offices present in 6 countries 
(South Africa, Germany, France, UK, Switzerland and Venezuela) with a strong connection to the Portuguese 
communities living there. In the future, BST plans to innovate further by providing all types of banking services 
remotely to Portuguese communities abroad and to foreign customers, with bilingual tools available for any 
region. 
Amidst the current pandemic, the Bank has prioritized its support to customers living abroad, particularly those 
who have greater difficulty in using digital platforms. In 2020, the "Here and Now" campaign helped enlighten 
and support the Portuguese emigrant community in the use of digital platforms, with a focus on the elderly 
sub-segment. 
Digital Transformation 
In 2020, boosted by the pandemic, BST accelerated its digital transformation process with the aim of being 
closer to its customers and simplifying processes through digital solutions. This strategy helped accelerate the 
growth trend in the number of digital customers. 
By the end of 2020, the Bank had 930,000 digital customers, an increase of 20 per cent. compared to the 
previous year (150,000 more customers). This growth was particularly boosted by the use of apps, which saw 
a 27 per cent. increase in the number of logins. 
The growth in the number of users also made it possible to end the year of 2020 with 56 per cent. sales via 
digital channels, an increase of 19 p.p. compared to the previous year. 
In a context in which restrictions on customers’ mobility were recurrent, BST’s digital channels and contact 
centre acted as essential complements to the relationships established by its branches, giving managers more 
time to focus on managing their relationships with customers, while offering customers a one-stop shop for all 
banking services. 
Individuals 
2020 was marked by strong investment in the renovation of the NetBanco private and BST’s App channels, 
which included a visible component for customers, notably the modernization of processes and design. These 
changes improved both customers’ real and perceived quality, while also aligning the channels with the new 
rules established for the use of BST’s brand as defined by the BST Group. 
The Bank’s public website (www.santander.pt) also underwent a complete restructuring and visual redesign. 
It now has a more modern image and an information structure better suited to customers’ needs. As with the 
development of BST’s digital channels, the renewal of the public website was based on an in-depth 
assessment of its customers’ needs and expectations, which included several customer interviews and focus 
groups, among other initiatives. 
The Bank continued to invest in features aimed at making its products and services available through digital 
channels, improving customer access to these channels and avoiding the need for visits to its branches, which 
was highly valued by customers during the lockdowns. 
As a consequence of the pandemic, banks had to provide moratoria solutions to their clients in a short period 
of time. The Bank was able to respond effectively and efficiently by making the application for, and the 
consultation and cancellation of, moratoria available through NetBanco. This functionality was critical to 
providing a good service to the Bank’s customers, having demonstrated the potential of digital channels as a 
complement to the customer relationships established by the Bank’s branches, thus allowing the latter to focus

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
on more value added tasks. 
BST’s App also has new MBWay features, namely the possibility of receiving money and accessing payments 
through a QR code without the need to log into the App. This last feature makes payments in stores or 
restaurants much easier, faster and more convenient, better meeting customer expectations. 
It is also now possible to request a debit card through BST’s App, which immediately makes a digital card 
available to be used by the customer while he/she waits to receive the physical card. The App also makes it 
possible to activate and deactivate the card’s contactless payment option, allowing customers to choose the 
cards on which they want to have this feature active. The Bank has also started to support payments with 
Apple Pay, Garmin Pay and Fitbit, both for Mastercard and Visa cards. 
In relation to contracting products, the insurance offer on NetBanco was increased and auto credit is now also 
available through this channel, with a flow similar to that of personal credit (CrediSIMPLES). 
BST’s boutique was also launched in 2020. This is the first virtual store in Portugal, through which one can 
purchase products from reputable brands using immediate online credit. 
Corporate Channels  
Within the scope of business support measures, requests for accessing moratoria were made through 
Netbanco corporate via a simple, fully digital process. Throughout 2020, the necessary adaptations were made 
in line with evolving legal changes. 
The contracting of POS terminals through Netbanco corporate was also launched, having become the 
preferred way for contracting this service from the Bank. 
The functionalities for consulting digital documents were made available to all corporate customers, even those 
who did not historically use digital channels, thus reducing costs and the Bank’s environmental footprint. 
The corporate App now alerts users regarding failed scheduled transfers by push notifications, introducing an 
easier way to collect feedback from users and offering receipts of the most common operations. 
In 2020, the procedures for changing access contracts to corporate channels were also simplified, increasing 
the autonomy of both branches and users, thus reducing dependence on the contact centre. 
In 2020, the Bank’s customer support services for companies and private individuals (SuperLinha) were 
awarded 1st and 2nd prize for best banking contact center by the Portuguese Contact Centres Association. 
The corporate service centre was also distinguished with a bronze trophy, in the contact centres category with 
less than 50 agents. 
Over one hundred thousand contacts were made to customers and about 3 million contacts were received 
(increase of 11 per cent. year-on-year), of which 66 per cent. involved human assistance, 17 per cent. involved 
automatic assistance (“IVR”), and the remaining 17 per cent. involved digital contacts (e-mail, chat and the 
Bank’s social networks). In June 2020, a virtual assistant was launched on Netbanco, which has had more 
than 50 thousand sessions. 
Several initiatives were also implemented to improve customer experience, in terms of processes, training 
assistants and new services, with an emphasis on the following initiatives: Support line for moratoria, new IVR 
menus, chat available on all pages of the private website, and also on the corporate website, with extended 
operating hours, plus new call back options in case of high traffic. 
Organisational Structure 
BST Group  
The BST Group is a global financial group focusing its operation on two main business areas: commercial 
retail banking and investment banking. The BST Group provides a full range of products and services to 
individuals, companies and institutional investors in Portugal. In addition, following the incorporation of BSN 
and Totta – Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. by the Issuer, the BST Group 
comprises the investment bank networks of the Issuer and the related group of operating companies which 
are controlled by SGPS. 
The holding company in Portugal, SGPS, separates the activities of the participating companies and the 
investment bank business from the activities of the Issuer. The aim of this corporate structuring, whereby all 
the banks and operating companies of the BST Group are controlled by SGPS, is essentially to increase the 
BST Group’s strength and solvency, as well as to provide transparency to the market and allow for adequate

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
supervision on a consolidated basis. 
The diagram below shows the structure of the BST Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Future Outlook 
The evolution of the Issuers’ activity remains linked to the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In the current adverse scenario, the Issuers have maintained their strategy in accordance with the terms 
already defined, providing support for households and businesses, and making people its priority, including 
employees, customers and society in general, with a view to mitigating the effects of the pandemic. 
The pandemic’s effects on economic activity must be analysed taking into consideration that within the period 
of one year there were two lockdowns with strong restrictions on specific sectors and activities in Portugal, 
which reinforced the negative effects despite the introduction of support measures, which the Portuguese 
Government has successively extended. 
Consequently, factors putting pressure on BST’s business and profitability still remain. A drop in business 
necessarily translates into a drop in revenues, while the continued uncertainty of the economic scenario 
requires a significant reinforcement of impairments to face the greater likelihood of situations of default arising 
in families and companies. 
At this point, the moratoria decrease the risk of default in the short-term but do not eliminate this risk, especially 
if the crisis has lasting effects on employment. Given that in the current legal context the moratoria in place 
will be extinguished during the year of 2021, and that unemployment is already on an upward trend, credit 
quality will have to be monitored throughout the year so that action can be taken in a timely manner to avoid 
the materialization of risks of default. 
Digital channels, the use of which had already increased during the first wave of the pandemic, became more 
widely used and BST reinforced its investment in its ongoing digital transformation, in order to better serve 
customers by providing easy and permanent access to its banking services. 
99.00%
1.16%
99.76%
Banco Santander 
Totta
98,76%
Santander 
Totta Seguros
100,00%
Aegon Santander
Portugal Não Vida
49,00%
Aegon Santander
Portugal Vida
49,00%
Gamma STC
100,00%
Totta Urbe
100,00%
Totta Irelnad PLC
100,00%
Taxagest
1,00%
Santander Totta, 
SGPS
99,89%
Banco Santander 
Totta
98,76%
Santander 
Totta Seguros
100,00%
Aegon Santander
Portugal Não Vida
49,00%
Aegon Santander
Portugal Vida
49,00%
Gamma STC
100,00%
Totta Urbe
100,00%
Totta Ireland PLC
100,00%
Taxagest
1,00%
Santander Totta, 
SGPS
99,848%
Banco Santander,
SA
Universia
0,24%
Não Residentes
Mapfre Santander 
Portugal, SA
49,99%

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
BST will continue to implement its strategy and promote its transformation, essentially based on: i) the 
scanning and optimization of processes, in particular through greater innovation in its digital channels and the 
strengthening of its multi-channel distribution model to provide customers with a more complete and accessible 
service; ii) simplification of the number of products on offer, while maintaining, however, a complete value 
proposition that meets customers’ needs; iii) the increase of market share and customer loyalty, by 
strengthening, among other aspects, its position with SMEs; iv) strict control over the predictable increase in 
the cost of credit; and v) maintaining a solid capital position, in line with the new regulatory requirements.  
The Issuers will also remain focused on being a responsible bank, by boosting the sustainable and inclusive 
growth of society, reducing social and economic inequalities, and supporting the development of the 
communities where it is present. This involves the promotion of sustainable consumption, through products 
such as BST’s sustainable fund, and the financing of renewable energies and green technologies, thus 
supporting the transition to a low carbon economy.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
TAXATION 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION  
Portuguese Taxation relating to all payments by the Issuers in respect of Notes issued within the scope 
of the Decree Law 
This section summarises the tax consequences of holding Notes issued by the Issuers when such Notes are 
centralised within Interbolsa and have been issued within the scope of the Decree Law. References in this 
section are construed accordingly. 
Investment income (i.e. economic benefits derived from interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums as 
well as other forms of remuneration which may be paid under the Notes) on the Notes, paid to a corporate 
holder of Notes (who is the effective beneficiary thereof (the “Beneficiary”) resident for tax purposes in 
Portuguese territory or to a non-Portuguese resident having a permanent establishment therein to which 
income is imputable, is subject to withholding tax currently at a rate of 25 per cent., except where the 
Beneficiary is either a Portuguese resident financial institution (or a non-resident financial institution having a 
permanent establishment in the Portuguese territory to which income is imputable) or benefits from a reduction 
or a withholding tax exemption as specified by current Portuguese tax law (such as pension funds, venture 
capital funds and collective investment undertakings constituted under the laws of Portugal). 
In relation to Beneficiaries that are corporate entities resident in Portuguese territory (or non-residents having 
a permanent establishment therein to which income is imputable), withholding tax is treated as a payment in 
advance and, therefore, such Beneficiaries are entitled to claim appropriate credit against their final corporate 
income tax liability.  
If the payment of interest or other investment income on Notes is made available to Portuguese resident 
individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the 
individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive income tax rates 
of up to 48 per cent.. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part of the taxable 
income exceeding EUR as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 80,000 
up to EUR 250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding EUR 
250,000. Investment income paid or made available on accounts held by one or more parties on account of 
unidentified third parties is subject to a withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., except where the beneficial owner 
of the income is identified, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Under the Decree Law, investment income classified as obtained in Portuguese territory paid to Beneficiaries 
considered non-Portuguese resident in respect of debt securities integrated in (i) a centralised system for 
securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as CVM managed by Interbolsa), 
or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU 
other than Portugal (e.g. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or in a European Economic Area Member 
State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax 
matters existing within the EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered above 
provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the application of the Decree-Law, as 
well as capital gains derived from a sale or other disposition of such Notes, will be exempt from Portuguese 
taxation.  
For the withholding tax exemption to apply, the Decree Law requires that the Beneficiary are: (i) central banks 
and agencies bearing governmental nature; or (ii) international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
(iii) entities resident in countries with whom Portugal has in force a double tax treaty or a tax information 
exchange agreement; or (iv) other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not 
domiciled in a blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 
2004 (the “Ministerial Order no. 150/2004”), as amended from time to time. 
In addition the Beneficiary shall comply with the evidence requirements and procedures of non-residence 
status set forth in the Decree Law. If the procedures and certifications of non-residence status or the 
requirements to benefit from the withholding tax exemption are not complied with a Portuguese withholding 
tax will apply at a rate of 25 per cent. (in case of non-resident entities), at a rate of 28 per cent. (in case of non-
resident individuals) or at a rate of 35 per cent. (in case of investment income payments (i) to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a “low tax jurisdiction” list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) No. 150/2004 of 13 
February 2011, as amended from time to time, or (ii) to accounts opened in the name of one or more

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties, in which the relevant beneficial 
owner(s) of the income is/are not identified), as the case may be, or if applicable, at reduced withholding tax 
rates pursuant to tax treaties signed by the Republic of Portugal, provided that the procedures and certification 
requirements established by the law are complied with. 
Under the Decree Law, the Notes must be held through an account with one of the following entities: (i) a direct 
registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are integrated in the 
centralised system are opened ; (ii) an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the 
“direct registered entities”, is a client of the latter; or (iii) an entity managing international clearing system which 
is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated 
in centralised systems or in their own registration systems Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes, by 
individuals and by corporate entities not resident in the Republic of Portugal and without a permanent 
establishment therein to which the income or gain are attributable for tax purposes are exempt of taxation. 
This exemption shall not apply, if the Noteholder (i) is an entity with headquarters, effective management or a 
permanent establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable or (ii) is 
resident in a jurisdiction with a more favourable tax regime than Portugal, as in Ministerial Order (“Portaria”) 
no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from time to time, with whom Portugal has not a double tax treaty 
in force or a tax information exchange agreement. 
If the above exemption does not apply, and the holder is a corporate entity the gains will be subject to corporate 
income tax at a rate of 25 per cent.. Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not entitled to said exemption 
will be subject to a 28 per cent. flat rate. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually 
not subject to Portuguese corporate income tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by 
case basis. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes issued by the Issuers, by corporate entities resident for tax 
purposes in the Republic of Portugal and by non-residents corporate entities with a permanent establishment 
therein to which the income or gain are attributable are included in their taxable income and are subject to a 
corporate tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established 
in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to EUR 25,000 and 21 
per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up 
to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than EUR 1,500,000 
are also subject to State surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of its taxable profits 
exceeding EUR 1,500,000 up to EUR 7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds 
EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds EUR 
35,000,000. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of Notes issued by the Issuers, by individuals resident for tax purposes 
in the Republic of Portugal are subject to tax at a rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between 
the capital gains and capital losses of each year, unless the individual elects to include such income in his 
taxable income, subject to tax at progressive income tax rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance 
an additional income tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 80,000 as follows: (i) 
2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 80,000 up to EUR 250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. 
on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding EUR 250,000.  
Domestic Cleared Notes – held through a direct registered entity 
Direct registered entities are required to register the Noteholders in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account 
or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
Registration in the exempt account is crucial for the tax exemption to apply upfront and requires evidence of 
the non-resident status of the Beneficiary, to be provided by the Noteholder to the direct registered entity (this 
will have to be made by no later than the second ICSD Business Day prior to the Relevant Date, as defined in 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Taxation)), as follows: 
(i) 
if the Beneficiary is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the Portuguese State, 
or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial owner of the 
Notes itself duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The 
respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical renewal not being 
necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any change 
in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Beneficiary is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an insurance company 
domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a double taxation 
treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax identification official document; 
or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration, or by tax 
authorities confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of the Notes and its domicile; or (C) 
proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is 
provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the 
direct register entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax 
exemption from applying; 
(iii) 
if the Beneficiary is an investment fund or other collective investment scheme domiciled in any OECD 
country or in a country with which the Republic of Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange agreement in force, it must provide (a) a declaration issued by the entity 
responsible for its supervision or registration or by the relevant tax authority, confirming its legal 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (b) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below; The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical 
renewal not being necessary and the beneficial owner should inform the direct register entity 
immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from 
applying; 
(iv) 
other investors will be required to prove of their non-resident status by way of: (a) a certificate of 
residence or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities; (b) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad; or (c) a document specifically issued by 
an official entity which forms part of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, 
indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country. The Beneficiary must provide an original or a certified 
copy of such documents and, as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not 
expire, they must have been issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or maturity 
dates or, if issued after the relevant payment or maturity dates, within the following three months. The 
Beneficiary must inform the direct registering entity immediately of any change in the requirement 
conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption.  
Internationally Cleared Notes – held through an entity managing an international clearing system 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Notes are registered in an account held by an 
international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, on each interest payment 
date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct register entity or to its representative, and with respect 
to all accounts under its management, the identification and quantity of securities, as well as the amount of 
income, and, when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, segregated by the following categories of 
beneficiaries: 
(a) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be imputable and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(b) 
Entities which have residence in country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, 
included in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order 
(Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time, the Ministerial 
Order no. 150/2004) and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(c) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be imputable and which are exempt or not subject to withholding;  
(d) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or 
permanent establishment to which the income generated by the securities would be 
imputable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with respect to 
the beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, should also be 
transmitted:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(a) 
Name and address;  
(b) 
Tax identification number (if applicable); 
(c) 
Identification and quantify of the securities held; and 
(d) 
Amount of income generated by the securities. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax was 
withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-law 193/2005, 
as amended from time to time. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Notes 
within six months from the date the withholding took place. Following the amendments to Decree Law 193/2005 
of 7 November introduced by Law 83/2013, of 9 December, a new special tax form for these purposes was 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) no. 2937/2014, published in the Portuguese official gazette, second series, 
no. 37, of 21 February 2014 issued by the Secretary of State of Tax Affairs (“Secretário de Estado dos 
Assuntos Fiscais”). The refund is to be made within a 3 month period following the application. 
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed from the Portuguese tax 
authorities within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the withholding took place. 
The absence of evidence of non-residence in respect to any non-resident entity which benefits from the above 
mentioned tax exemption regime shall result in the loss of the tax exemption and consequent submission to 
applicable Portuguese general tax provisions.  
Administrative Cooperation in the field of taxation 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014 financial institutions are required to report to the 
Tax Authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) 
information regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing 
in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Council Directive. The 
information refers not only to personal information but also to the account balance at the end of the calendar 
year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, income paid or credited in the account during the calendar year; 
or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount of interest, dividends and any other income 
generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the 
account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or 
otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. Portugal has implemented Council Directive 
2014/107/EU into Portuguese law through Decree Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016. In view of the regime 
enacted by Decree Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 
August 2017 and by Law no. no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the registration of 
the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, 
of 2 December 2016 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016, all as amended 
from time to time. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 and Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 
October 2016, which has been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017 and by Law no. 17/2019, of 
14 February 2019, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of 
America on financial accounts subject to disclosure (the "Financial Reporting Regime") in order to comply with 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Under such legislation the Issuers will 
be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the 
Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the Internal Revenue Service of the 
United States of America. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal,

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes 
should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax 
or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held 
by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 (the “Relibi 
Law”) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident 
holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  BST is, and SGPS may be, a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Further Issues” in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 20 May 
2021, agreed with the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes and Clearing System” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
of other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an 
identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any 
Notes, and that it and they have complied with and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have 
sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the 
following effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes, and except in either case in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Terms used above have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.” 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify if TEFRA C is applicable, or, alternatively if TEFRA is not applicable. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No.228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
1. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
2. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
3. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
1. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
2. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
3. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may, make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuers; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving, the UK.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Portugal  
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuers, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that regarding any offer or 
sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to individuals resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese laws and regulations applicable to the placement of financial 
instruments otherwise apply), it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without 
limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code (“Código dos Valores Mobiliários”), any regulations issued by the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission (“Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários”) and the 
Prospectus Regulation and any regulation amending or supplementing the above, and (i) it has not directly or 
indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment 
intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, 
market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (“oferta pública”) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese 
Securities Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) 
and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located 
in Portugal, as the case may be; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have been and will only 
be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to any legislation 
which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), qualify as a private placement of Notes 
only (“oferta particular”); (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes to the public in Portugal. Furthermore, (a) if the Notes are subject to a private placement 
addressed (i) exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais") as defined, from time to time, 
in the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or any legislation which may replace it or 
complement it in this respect from time to time), or to (ii) less than 150 non-qualified investors, such private 
placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code 
(or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time); (b) private 
placements addressed by companies open to public investment (“sociedades abertas”) or by issuers of 
securities listed on a regulated market shall be subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics purposes. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws 
and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has 
not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
modified from time to time, the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be 
made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
None of the Issuers or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Executive Committee of BST dated 20 June 2001 and ratified by a resolution of the Board of Directors of BST 
dated 19 July 2001. In a resolution dated 30 January 2019, the Board of Directors of BST delegated its power 
to, among other things, approve the Programme to the Executive Committee and on 17 March 2021, the 
Executive Committee of BST approved the present update of the Programme.   
In a resolution dated 16 September 2016, the Board of Directors of SGPS delegated its power to, among other 
things, approve the accession of SGPS to the Programme, to the Executive Committee. The accession to the 
Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Executive 
Committee of SGPS dated 11 July 2018.  In a resolution dated 16 March 2021, the Board of Directors of SGPS 
approved the present update of the Programme. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.santander.pt/pt_PT/Investor-
Relations/Santander-Totta.html:  
(i) 
the Agency Agreement and any agreement appointing a common representative; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
(save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, nor offered in the (i) European 
Economic Area or (ii) the UK, in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by 
a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and 
the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(iv) 
an English translation of the constitutional documents of each Issuer. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa as operator of the CVM. The appropriate ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433 – 4100 – 138 Porto, Portugal. 
For the time being, Interbolsa will only settle and clear Notes denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Significant or Material Change  
There has been (A) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of BST or the BST 
Group since 31 December 2020, and (B) no material adverse change in the prospects of BST since 31 
December 2020.  
There has been (A) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of SGPS or the 
SGPS Group since 31 December 2020, and (B) no material adverse change in the prospects of SGPS since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation  
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which BST is aware) in the twelve months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of BST or the BST Group. 
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which SGPS is aware) in the twelve months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of SGPS or the SGPS Group. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., which is a member 
of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with number 183 
and registered with CMVM with number 20161485, with registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal, represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado, audited BST’s 
and SGPS’s consolidated accounts in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards issued by 
the Institute of Statutory Auditors as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019. 
The Legal Certification of Accounts and Auditor’s Reports on the consolidated financial statements as at and 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 of BST contained unqualified opinions. 
For a better understanding of the above issues, the reading of the complete versions of the opinions included 
in the annual reports of BST and SGPS together with the respective financial statements is recommended. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuers and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuers or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
acting through its Lisbon Head Office 
Rua da Mesquita, 6-B4D 
1070-238 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
Rua do Ouro, 88 
1100-063 
Lisbon 
Portugal 
AGENT AND PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua da Mesquita, 6-B4A 
1070-238 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados 
Sociedade de Advogados S.P.R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Portuguese law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Abreu & Marques e Associados 
Sociedade de Advogados R.L. 
One Bishops Square 
Rua Filipe Folque, nr 2 – 4 
London E1 6AD 
1069-121 Lisbon 
United Kingdom 
Portugal 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - 
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1 - 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, 
Portugal

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
Rua do Ouro, 88 
1100-060 Lisboa  
Portugal 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
One Molesworth Street 
51 rue La Boétie 
Dublin 2 
75008 Paris 
Ireland 
France 
D02 RF29 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
28001 Madrid 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Spain 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
8 Canada Square 
38, avenue Kléber  
London E14 5HQ 
75116 Paris  
United Kingdom 
France 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany  
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
Arabellastrasse 12 
75009 Paris 
81925 Munich 
France 
Federal Republic of Germany