--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BANCO BPI, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€9,000,000,000 COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Banco BPI, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “BPI”), incorporated under Portuguese law, with a fully paid up share 
capital of €1,293,063,324.98, represented by 1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value, with 
head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto and registered under the sole registration and 
taxpayer number 501 214 534 with the Commercial Registry Office of Porto, is an authorised credit 
institution for the purposes of Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May (the “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”). 
The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Under this €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme (the “Programme”), described in this base 
prospectus, dated 21 June 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may from time 
to time issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealer (as defined below). Covered Bonds will be issued in registered (nominativas) form (the 
“Registered Covered Bonds”) and be represented in book-entry form (forma escritural). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” 
and together, the “Dealers”), whose appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such 
Covered Bonds.  
See the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the 
“CMVM”), as Portuguese competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CMVM only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CMVM should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates 
only to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market Euronext Lisbon 
(“Euronext Lisbon”) under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May, on markets in financial instruments as amended (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 
12 months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application will be made to the Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
(“Euronext”) for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon 
(“Euronext Lisbon”) and to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Lisbon. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon or other regulated market. The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including EEA regulated markets) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Under this Programme, the Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds 
and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. Euronext Lisbon is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds will specify

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed on Euronext Lisbon or not. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s Investor Services España S.A. (“Moody’s España”), BBB/F2 with stable outlook by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s 
Italia” and together with Moody’s España hereafter referred as “Moody’s”) and “AA (low)” by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”) and any successor to the relevant rating agency. Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds may not be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and 
are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
The ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by DBRS have been 
endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited are established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")'s Financial Services Register, available at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, includes credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Similar to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and updates to the Financial Services Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, ratings issued by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS may also be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
 
Arranger  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Dealer 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 21 June 2023

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF 
COVERED BONDS GENERALLY ............................................................................................................................. 6 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 20 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 52 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................... 57 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS........................................................................................................... 64 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................... 82 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ....................................................................................................... 127 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................. 137 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS .................................................... 140 
COVER POOL MONITOR ....................................................................................................................................... 141 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................ 144 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT AND SERVICING OF 
THE COVER POOL .................................................................................................................................................. 160 
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................................. 164 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................... 165 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................... 173 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS ............................................ 183 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 191 
DEFINITIONS ........................................................................................................................................................... 210

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds (as defined in Overview of the Covered 
Bonds Programme), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms 
may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January, on insurance distribution (as amended) (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 
on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made at the time of each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, of 7 April (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of that 
Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the product 
approval process of any manufacturer, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) is included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the 
Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS AND ESTIMATES 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, and any other projections or forecasts in this document 
are necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking 
statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED IN 
THE SECTION HEADED "RISK FACTORS" HEREIN 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Covered

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such 
potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered 
Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APMs 
should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU.  
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and 
reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the Annex -Alternative Performance Measures. 
The description (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the 
“Alternative Performance Measures” section of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the “Risk Factors” section 
and include certain specific and relevant risks related to the Issuer 
and the Covered Bonds. 
Description: 
€9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme. 
Arranger: 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Dealer(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer. 
Common Representative: 
Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, having its registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, 
A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, or any successor common 
representative appointed by a meeting of the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
Paying Agent(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any other paying agents named in the 
Agency and Payments Procedures together with any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
connection with the Covered Bonds under the Agency and 
Payments Procedures. 
 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas) under number 43, registered with the CMVM with 
registration number 20161389, with its registered office at 
Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 1070-100 Lisboa. See 
Cover Pool Monitor.  
Final Terms: 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and its associated Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds as completed and to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described in 
this Based Prospectus. 
Maximum 
period 
during 
which 
Covered Bonds may be issued under 
the Programme: 
Until 30 June 2028. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Covered Bonds under the Programme are issued in series 
(each a Series) which may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
Tranche) of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue 
Prices.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Currency/ies: 
The Specified Currency (to be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by any laws or regulations applicable 
to the Issuer or the Specified Currency.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to each Series of the Covered Bonds and 
shall correspond to at least one year after the applicable Maturity 
Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may not select an 
Extended Maturity Date in the applicable Final Terms that would 
entail that such Series of Covered Bonds would benefit from an 
earlier Extended Maturity Date vis-à-vis another Series of 
Covered Bonds with an earlier Maturity Date. If an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be 
automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date if either (i) 
the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on 
the applicable Maturity Date and it is foreseeable (as determined 
by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days 
thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit 
institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory 
authority, and in each case notice thereof has been (or, in the case 
of (ii), is subsequently) given to the CMVM, all as further 
described in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar 
days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension 
of maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease to apply and 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the 
applicable Maturity Date or (if the date such objection is received

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) 
the Extension Cessation Date. 
In respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation 
or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity 
Date will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of Covered 
Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity 
schedule of Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Specified Denomination: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements, having 
each Covered Bond a minimum denomination of €100,000. 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in one or more Series (which 
may be issued on the same date or which may be issued in more 
than one Tranche on different dates). The Covered Bonds may be 
issued in Tranches on a continuous basis, subject to compliance 
with all applicable laws, regulations and directives.  
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds, namely in the United 
States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore, 
Switzerland and Japan (See Subscription and Sale and Secondary 
Market Arrangements). 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds held through accounts of Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa will be represented in dematerialised book-entry 
form (“forma escritural”) and will be registered Covered Bonds 
(“nominativas”).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Registration, clearing and settlement: 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities 
depositary (CSD) which will be the Portuguese domestic CSD, 
Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds will be registered in the relevant 
issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be 
held in control accounts by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa 
on behalf of the relevant holders. Such control accounts will 
reflect at all times the aggregate number of Covered Bonds held 
in the individual securities accounts opened by the clients of the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa (which may include Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The transfer of Covered Bonds 
and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa as 
well. 
Title: 
Title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
the applicable CMVM regulations and Interbolsa regulations. 
Issue Price(s): 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will 
be issued in a denomination per unit equal to or higher than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing. Interest may accrue at a 
fixed rate or a floating rate depending on the Interest Basis shown 
and as specified in the Final Terms (see Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond may be issued depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal 
Amount Outstanding from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on floating rate, 
each Floating Rate Covered Bond (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date (see Condition 4 (Interest) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be issued depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (see Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
Interest period and interest rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Covered Bonds, as 
applicable, and the applicable interest rate or its method of 
calculation may differ from time to time or as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, 
application will be made to Euronext or such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for the 
admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon or such other

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including regulated 
markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. Covered Bonds may, after notification by the CMVM to 
the supervision authority of the relevant Member State(s) of the 
EU in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market(s) of and/or be 
admitted to listing on stock exchange(s) of any other Member 
States of the EEA. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued under the 
Programme. The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not 
the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or regulated 
market(s). 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and senior 
obligations of the Issuer and rank equally with all other covered 
bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer. The Covered Bonds 
will qualify as covered bonds for the purposes of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Payments:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds 
may only be made in Euro, United States dollar, Japanese yen and 
Swiss franc until such date as Interbolsa accepts registration and 
clearing of securities denominated in currencies other than Euro, 
United States dollar, Japanese yen and Swiss franc and will be (i) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of 
Interbolsa, by the Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to 
the payment current-accounts held in the payment system of the 
Bank of Portugal by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose 
control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to 
the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, as applicable, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
(For further reference in respect of the methods of payment, see 
Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds). 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or 
extended as specified in Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, subject to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up 
to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be made subject to any legally applicable Tax 
withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax 
purposes in Portugal), except if any Tax withholding exemption 
or waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, Taxes 
(investors being in any case required to comply with the 
applicable obligations). The Issuer will not be obliged to make 
any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the 
holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax 
certifications.  
(For further information, see Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Rating: 
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer 
are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s España, BBB/F2 
with stable outlook by Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook 
by S&P. 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under 
the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or 
assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating applicable to the Issuer. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation. A rating addresses the likelihood that the 
holders of Covered Bonds will receive timely payments of interest 
and ultimate repayment of principal at the Maturity Date or the 
Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Prescription: 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for 
payment within 20 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in 
the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, 
subject in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). 
Events of default: 
Insolvency Event. See Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Further issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent 
of the holders of Covered Bonds to create and issue further 
securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series or the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or 
purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such 
Series. 
Governing law 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered Bonds, and the 
other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations 
in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to 
the contrary.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may significantly affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies, which may or may not occur 
and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Covered Bonds may be jeopardised by other causes which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available or which the Issuer may not currently be 
able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision.  
Consequently, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuer views as material, specific and 
relevant for an investor to make an informed decision and are supported by the content of this Base Prospectus, 
but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones faced by it. Emerging risks and uncertainties, including 
risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may also arise or 
become material in the future, which could lead to a decline in the value of the Covered Bonds and a loss of part 
or all of the investment made by any Noteholder.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.  
In particular, potential holders of Covered Bonds are alerted to the statements under "Taxation" regarding the 
tax treatment in Portugal of income in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors must seek their own 
advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure the correct tax treatment of their 
Covered Bonds. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer: 
o 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment; 
o 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Business; and 
o 
Legal and Regulatory Risks; 
• 
Risk specific to the Covered Bonds 
• 
Risks specific to Cover Pool.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Issuer has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category of risk is more material than any other category. Within each category, the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
Risks arising from the changes in the Portuguese economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-
economic context 
As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by 
the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding the political scenario may also 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, a potential increase in geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
and the premature withdrawal of economic stimuli (both on the monetary and fiscal field) and/or the de-
anchoring of long-term inflation expectations pose additional challenges to the stability of the global 
financial system and to the Portuguese economy.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, 
having a negative impact, namely, on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Covered Bonds 
under the Programme; and (ii) the Portuguese economy, which, in turn, would have a negative impact on 
the business of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal which are, in turn, influenced by 
the evolution of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. In particular, levels of 
borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, and the condition of the 
Portuguese economy and market interest rates.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, which may be adversely 
affected in its business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. The adverse 
macroeconomic conditions in Portugal have been significantly affected, and may continue to adversely 
affect, the behaviour and the financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and consequently, the supply and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
demand of the products and services that the Issuer has to offer 
The Bank of Portugal projects that the Portuguese economy will grow by 1.8 per cent. in 2023 and 2% in 
2024 and 2025, after the increase of 6.7 per cent. registered in 2022. The negative effects of the Russian 
military aggression against Ukraine have intensified throughout 2022, implying a relative destabilization of 
economic activity from the second quarter of 2022 onwards. The main downside risks to activity include 
the impact of monetary policy normalisation, the increase in financial market frictions and the escalation of 
the conflict in Ukraine. The recent tensions in financial markets pose an additional risk to economic activity 
of uncertain scale. In the case of inflation, the main risk relates to stronger and more persistent developments 
in domestic inflationary pressures. (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Projections, March 2023). 
Over the last couple of years, the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak has had a severe impact on the global 
economy which was acutely felt in Portugal, seeing as it was already facing internal challenges linked to 
the continuing weak situation of the Portuguese banking system and the lack of availability of credit.  
The external and financial environment has deteriorated due to higher inflation and interest rates, with 
adverse effects on real disposable income. These effects have been mitigated in 2022 by the strong 
performance of the labour market — reflected in buoyant employment and nominal wages as well as an 
increase in the participation rate to historically high levels. The resilience of private consumption also stems 
from households channelling part of the savings accumulated during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis into 
expenditure and from the support measures introduced. In contrast, investment is expected to grow only 
slightly, against a background of heightened uncertainty, supply constraints and higher financing costs. 
Exports, led by the services component, continue to recover significantly, albeit decelerating in quarter-on-
quarter terms. The economic growth profile in 2022 implies a carry-over effect of only 0.6 p.p. in 2023, in 
clear contrast to this effect in 2022, which reached 3.9 p.p. Inflation rose to 8.1 per cent. in 2022 and is 
expected to decline gradually to 5.5 per cent. in 2023 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, March 
2023).  
Disruptions to natural gas supplies coupled with skyrocketing gas and electricity prices have increased 
uncertainty, severely hit confidence and led to increasing losses in real income that have caused a stagnation 
of the euro area economy in the second half of 2022 and expected to cause further deterioration in the first 
quarter of 2023. The uncertainty surrounding both the short and medium-term outlook remains at high 
levels. As the economic consequences of the war in Ukraine unfold and fuel the strong inflationary 
pressures, consumer and business confidence have remained subdued, while real disposable incomes are 
being eroded and soaring cost pressures are curtailing production, especially in energy-intensive industries. 
The negative economic repercussions are expected to be partially mitigated by fiscal policy measures. In 
addition, high levels of natural gas inventories and ongoing efforts to reduce demand and replace Russian

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
gas with alternative sources imply that the euro area is expected to avoid the need for mandated energy-
related production cuts over the projection horizon, although risks of energy supply disruptions remain 
elevated, in particular for the winter of 2023-24. Over the medium term, as the energy market rebalances, it 
is expected that uncertainty will decline, and real incomes will improve. As a result, economic growth in 
the euro area is expected to rebound, also supported by strengthening foreign demand and the resolution of 
remaining supply bottlenecks, despite less favourable financing conditions. The labour market is expected 
to remain relatively resilient to the coming mild recession, reflecting labour hoarding amid still significant 
labour shortages. Overall, annual average real GDP growth is expected to slow down markedly, from 3.5 
per cent. in 2022 to 0.9 per cent. in 2023, and then to rebound to 1.5 per cent. in 2024 and 1.6 per cent. in 
2025 (Source: ECB, Eurosystem macroeconomic projections for the euro area, June 2023). 
Inflation in the Euro area is expected to decline from an average of 8.4 per cent. in 2022 to 5.4 per cent. in 
2023. Inflation is then expected to decline to an average of 3.0 per cent. in 2024 before moderating further 
to the inflation target of 2.2% in 2025. The decline in inflation over the projection horizon reflects strong 
energy-related downward base effects throughout the course of 2023, the gradual impact of the 
normalisation of the ECB’s monetary policy which started in December 2021, the weaker growth outlook 
and the assumed decline in energy and food commodity prices, in line with futures prices, as well as the 
assumption that longer-term inflation expectations will remain anchored. (Source: ECB, Eurosystem 
macroeconomic projections for the euro area, June 2023).  
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political 
events and trends, war, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such 
as COVID-19) all impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by 
increasing the sovereign debt of certain countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which 
could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results and financial condition and its 
ability to access capital and liquidity on acceptable financial terms. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global economy, 
with a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition and a 
negative development of any of the above factor may adversely affect the business and performance of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Risks arising from the recent and ongoing developments between Russia and Ukraine may have a 
corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Rising commodity prices, sweeping financial sanctions and the ban on energy imports from Russia 
following its invasion of Ukraine are threatening to hobble the global economy after the damage already 
inflicted by the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, with severe impacts on any subsequent trade barriers, 
exchange controls or financial market restrictions and macroeconomic effects, including supply disruptions, 
pushing up prices for Europe’s export-focused manufacturing companies. In addition, sanctions on Russian 
businesses, decision of several companies to sever ties with Russia and the deep recession in the country 
have severely reduced eurozone exports to Russia. 
The war has weighed on household spending through higher prices and greater uncertainty. Although 
difficult to predict as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the tensions caused by Russia’s invasion and any 
further escalation of this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation 
globally, and further disrupt supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a 
direct impact on the global economy and financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased 
inflation, problems related to the massive inflow of Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and 
execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets and the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios. 
The uncertainty caused by these and other events and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
increased volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuer’s 
counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced 
by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks arising from the recent and ongoing dislocations in the international financial system 
Recent events in the international financial system, which in part reflect the consequences of the rapid and 
significant increase in interest rates in some relevant institutions, particularly in the U.S. (bankruptcy of the 
Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank), as well as the rescue of Credit Suisse Group AG, after a long 
period of difficulties of various kinds, could have adverse consequences on the financial sector and/or, at 
the limit, cause increased risk of financial instability, a situation that would have negative consequences for 
the Issuer. The eventual worsening of the situation may have a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
The inability of clients and other counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the Issuer’s 
inability to fully enforce its rights against counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to 
the credit risk of its other counterparties. Risks arising from adverse changes in credit quality and the 
recoverability of loans and amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of 
the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties 
or a general deterioration in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in 
financial systems, could affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an 
increase in the Issuer’s provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, capital position and results of the Issuer.  
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/ or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades, lack 
of liquidity, inflation rates and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase 
in times of market stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business and results. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s total credit risk exposure was €37,427 million, (compared to €39,859 
million as at 31 December 2021). The balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) amounted to €583 
million as at 31 December 2022 (compared to €646 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 1.6 per 
cent. of the Issuer’s gross credit exposure (EBA criteria).  
Market Risk faced by the Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results 
The Issuer’s businesses by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected by 
conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through 
their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest, interest rate, inflation and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various 
financial instruments which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities 
between those assets.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by BPI’s 
risk division. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects 
that such changes could have on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The most significant market risk the Issuer faces is the interest rate risk. Changes in interest rate levels, yield 
curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. The 
Issuer has implemented risk management methods intended to mitigate and control this and other market 
risks, and exposure to such risks is constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to predict 
with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes 
could have on the Issuer’s business activity, financial condition and on the results of its operations. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity.  
Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the Issuer’s business  
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including monetary policies 
implemented by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central 
banks’ interest rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, significant 
drops in interest rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and 
continued low interest rates will make it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest 
rates could lead to certain borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion 
of non-performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 as a result of the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to 
accelerate the removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate 
markets and in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the prospect of a sharp increase 
in interest rates has generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s 
ability to originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its 
customers.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
After almost 7 years of negative EURIBOR rates, on 21 July 2022, the ECB decided to raise euro area 
interest rates by 50 basis points, i.e. 0.5 per cent., in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the 
eurozone. However, EURIBOR rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-
month rate turned positive in April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in 
June and mid-July, respectively. On 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to further 
raise euro area interest rates by 75 basis points in each meeting, totalling a 150 basis points increase. 
Recently, on 15 December 2022, 2 February 2023 and 16 March 2023, the ECB decided to again raise the 
euro area interest rates by 50 basis points in each meeting, having increased 25 basis points more on 4 May 
2023 and in the last meeting on 15 June 2023, totalling a 400 basis points aggregated increase since July 
2022. The ECB is expected to further raise interest rates since inflation remains high. 
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in response 
to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a result of 
economic or other reasons, the Issuer’s interest income margins would be adversely affected, which may in 
turn negatively affect its business and financial performance. 
Operational Risks faced by the Issuer such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-
attacks, human error, changes in operational practices, inadequate controls including in respect of third 
parties with which the Issuer does business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
Operational risk represents the risk of losses or of a negative impact on the relationship with clients or other 
stakeholders resulting from inadequate or negligent application of internal procedures, or from people 
behaviour, information systems, or external events. Operational risk also includes the business/strategic risk 
(i.e., the risk of losses through fluctuations in volume, business, earnings, prices or costs) and legal risk (i.e., 
the risk of losses arising from non-compliance with the regulations in force or resulting from legal action). 
The Issuer's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document 
transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures (including due to a computer virus or a 
failure to anticipate or prevent cyber-attacks or other attempts to gain unauthorised access to digital systems 
for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or impairing operational 
performance, or security breaches by third parties), natural disasters or the failure of external systems such 
as, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties.  
In addition, the Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information 
technology (IT) systems. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centers. IT systems need regular 
upgrading and banks, including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely 
basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry 
operations from cyberattacks could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive 
information. A breach of sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant 
reputational impact and significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. These threats are increasingly 
sophisticated and any failure to execute the Issuer’s risk management and control policies successfully, 
particularly, any loss in the integrity and resilience of key systems and processes, data thefts, cyber-attacks, 
denial of service attacks or breaches of data protection requirements, may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects. 
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and 
complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, its plans to continue to provide internet 
banking and mobile banking channels, and its plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to 
serve its customers. The Issuer may incur increasing costs in seeking to minimise these risks and could be 
held liable for any security breach or data loss. 
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB for funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or 
from the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk).  
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB’s 
eligibility criteria. 
Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of short and medium/long-term liquidity coverage 
ratios, known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR 
addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs in a severe stress 
scenario.  
The LCR and NSFR of the Issuer, computed in line with the CRD IV standards and EBA guidelines, was 
237 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (compared to 272 per cent. as at 31 December 2021).  
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer had €0.4 billion of funding from the ECB

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
(€4.9 billion on 31 December 2021). As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s portfolio of securities eligible 
for rediscount with the ECB was of €11 billion (compared to €11.5 billion in 31 December 2021).  
The ECB establishes the valuation and eligibility criteria that eligible securities must meet in order to be 
used in repo transactions with financial institutions. Downgrades of the credit rating of Portugal or 
Portuguese companies, or changes to the valuations or eligibility criteria, can have a negative impact on the 
portfolio of securities eligible for that purpose and reduce the liquidity lines available from the ECB. The 
amount of ECB funding is tied to the value of collateral provided. If the value of the Issuer’s Group assets 
declines, the amount of funding it can obtain from the ECB will also decline. 
On 7 March 2019, a third series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTRO III”) was 
launched consisting on a series of ten TLTROs, each with a maturity of three years, starting in September 
2019 at a quarterly frequency. Borrowing rates in these operations can be as low as 50 basis points below 
the average interest rate on the deposit facility over the period from 24 June 2020 to 23 June 2022, and as 
low as the average interest rate on the deposit facility calculated over the life of the respective TLTRO III 
during the rest of the life of the same operation.  
On 27 November 2022, the ECB decided to recalibrate the conditions of the TLTRO III as part of the 
monetary policy measures adopted to restore price stability over the medium term, aiming to contribute to 
the normalisation of bank funding costs and, in turn, exert downward pressure on inflation. The recalibration 
also removes deterrents to early voluntary repayment of outstanding TLTRO III funds. Earlier voluntary 
repayments would reduce the Eurosystem balance sheet and contribute to the overall monetary policy 
normalisation. 
From 23 November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each respective outstanding 
TLTRO III operation, the interest rate on TLTRO III operations will be indexed to the average applicable 
key ECB interest rates over this period. 
Furthermore, three additional voluntary early repayment dates were introduced to provide TLTRO III 
participants with additional opportunities to partly, or fully, repay their respective TLTRO III borrowings 
before maturity. 
These changes to the terms and conditions of TLTRO III are applicable to all TLTRO III operations still 
outstanding. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be able to 
increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
Structural changes in the Portuguese economy over the past several years have significantly increased 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector.  
The Issuer faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, banking, 
investment banking, specialised credit and asset management). The competitors of the Issuer in the 
Portuguese market are Portuguese commercial banks, savings and investment banks and foreign banks that 
entered the Portuguese market. The principal competitors of the Issuer in the banking sector (ranking in 
terms of assets as at 31 December 2022) are Banco Santander Totta, Caixa Geral de Depósitos, the 
Millennium BCP and the Novo Banco.  
Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Portuguese banks have resulted in a significant concentration 
of market share.  
Competition could also increase due to new entrants (including non-bank and financial technology 
competitors) in the markets in which the Issuer operates that may have new operating models that are not 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations and that are subject to reduced regulation. New entrants 
may rely on new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory 
burden and/or faster processes in order to challenge traditional banks. Developments in technology have 
also accelerated the use of new business models and the Issuer may not be successful in adapting to this 
pace of change or may incur significant costs in adapting its business and operations to meet such changes. 
In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector resulting from new banking, lending 
and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers and new entrants, in particular 
with respect to payment services and products (e.g. Fintechs), and the introduction of disruptive technology, 
may impede the Issuer’s ability to grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to compete effectively in some or all segments in which it 
operates, or that it will be able to maintain or increase the level of its results of operations. 
International Financial equity holdings and currency risk 
The Issuer holds financial investments in two African banks: 48.1 per cent. stake in Banco de Fomento 
Angola, S.A. (“BFA”) capital, which operates in commercial banking in Angola and a 35.7 per cent. stake 
in Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. (“BCI”), which operates in commercial banking in 
Mozambique.  
The Issuer's international equity holdings are exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
economic developments in the countries in which it operates. These factors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its results of operations. 
In addition, international equity holdings are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which is reflected mainly in 
the statements of income and in the balance sheets of BFA and BCI. It is relevant for these purposes the 
changes in the exchange rates of local currencies against the euro and in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar 
against the euro, due to the high use of the U.S. dollar in these economies, which explains that a significant 
share of business customer is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
Consequently, even if the amount of revenues, costs and profits of the Issuer’s Group remain unchanged in 
local currency, changes in exchange rates may affect the amount of income, costs and profits declared in 
the statement of income of the Issuer’s Group.  
The currency exposure of the Issuer results mainly from the banking activity of BFA in Angola, but also, 
although to a much lesser extent, the activity of BCI in Mozambique. The currency of Angola is the Kwanza, 
but the high use of the U.S. dollar in the Angolan economy explains that a considerable share of business 
with clients of BFA is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
A substantial portion of revenue and costs are thus expressed in U.S. dollars or indexed to it. 
If the value of the euro was to rise significantly against other currencies, especially the U.S. dollar and the 
Kwanza, the values of equity method consolidated income expressed in these currencies would translate 
into relatively lower values when converted to euros. 
Risk of changes in the organization of partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the 
Issuer’s Group 
There are some activities of the Issuer’s Group which are partially related to partnerships in various activities 
with other companies that are not under the control of the Issuer’s Group, in particular the activities of 
bancassurance. These activities depend in part on such partners which the Issuer’s Group does not control. 
A change in any of these partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the Issuer’s Group.  
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental oversight. Adverse 
regulatory developments or changes could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry and, accordingly, could be adversely affected by 
regulatory changes in Portugal, the EU or foreign countries in which it operates. Although the Issuer works 
closely with its regulators and continually monitors this situation, future changes in regulation, taxation or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond its control. Extensive regulation by, among others, the 
ECB, the Bank of Portugal, EBA, ESMA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
(“EIOPA”), the CMVM and the Insurance and Pensions Funds Supervisory Authority (“ASF”), as well as 
other supervisory authorities, from the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities could 
hinder the Issuer’s growth by increasing compliance costs and/or reducing profitability.  
Those regulations are complex and its fulfilment entails high costs as regards time spending and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may cause damages to the Issuer’s 
reputation, application of penalties and even loss of authorization to carry out its activities.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 
October, and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) no. 
648/2012 (as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR 
reinforced the capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g. CET1 ratio, 
Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general 
rules, supervision powers, and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having also 
introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the conditions 
to be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 3.5 
per cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 2 per cent. of 
RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. of 
RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
While the final Basel III standards were set to be implemented starting from January 2022 with the output 
capital floor being phased-in, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementation has been deferred by 
one-year to increase the operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the COVID-19 
pandemic. These reforms started from 1 January 2023 and will be phased in over five years. 
In the exercise of its powers as national macro-prudential authority, the Bank of Portugal decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”), with effect from 1 
January 2016. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of 
credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
the ECB (Single Supervisory Mechanism), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the 
countercyclical buffer was on 31 March 2023, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the TREA for the 
second quarter of 2023. This decision is reviewed on a quarterly basis.  
On 30 November 2022, the Bank of Portugal has identified banking groups as Other Systemically Important 
Institutions (“O-SIIs”). The capital buffer requirement set for the Issuer, as a percentage of total risk 
exposure amount, is 0.500 per cent. as of 1 January 2023. 
In December 2022, BPI was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum capital requirements 
and leverage ratio for 2023, following the outcome of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process in 
the following terms: 
 
Minimum requirements 2023 
 
 
Total 
Of which 
 
Pilar 1 
Pilar 2 
Buffers 
CET1 
8.57% 
4.50% 
1.07% 
3.00% 
Tier 1 
10.43% 
6.00% 
1.43% 
3.00% 
Total Capital 
12.90% 
8.00% 
1.90% 
3.00% 
Leverage ratio 
3% 
3.00% 
0% 
0% 
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the O-SII buffer (0.5 per cent.).  
As of 31 December 2022, Issuer’s capital ratios were: the CET1 ratio reached 14.8 per cent., the Tier 1 ratio 
16.4 per cent., the total capital ratio 18.9 per cent. and the leverage ratio stood at 7.1 per cent.. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and 
disclosure requirements (as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, 
and capital conservation measures (as amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduced a new 
market risk framework, revisions to the large exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure 
that institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application is staggered, in

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD 
IV and was transposed into Portuguese law on 9 December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December. 
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and 
the use of standardised models, rather than banks' internal models, for the calculation of capital 
requirements. Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions have also been subject to 
more burdensome capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. On 9 December 2022, 
Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December. Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to the implementation of 
the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The TLAC standard 
requires global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities (as a 
percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public 
consultation on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM 
III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit 
guarantee schemes (as amended). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two 
main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical 
feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for 
changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures 
to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no 
creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative 
proposals on this topic are still expected. Under the new legal framework, there is the risk that the Issuer is 
not able to comply with stricter and more demanding regulatory requirements regarding capital, liquidity, 
leverage, and others in a timely manner. A failure to comply with the applicable regulations could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer as it could result in damages to the Issuer’s reputation, administrative 
action, application of penalties or regulatory sanctions, and even loss of authorisation to carry out its 
activities. 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity Code”) 
(Código de Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public consultation. 
The proposed Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among others,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
internal governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, 
duties of information and administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no further legislative procedures have been developed. 
Changes to supervisory rules and regulations in respect of the Issuer’s activities, in particular in Portugal, 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers and/or the value of 
its assets. Future regulatory changes, changes in tax laws or other alterations may be unpredictable and are 
outside the Issuer’s control.  
Borrower’s protection laws may limit the Issuer’s actions and have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; 
and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures 
that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower’s 
protection are expected to continue in the future.  
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s rights 
with respect to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures 
and measures available for any resolution of the Issuer, including the bail-in tool 
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a Directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip national 
authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms and 
to minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include: 
(a) 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for banks to have recovery and 
resolution plans);

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(b) 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
(c) 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services 
and manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the 
authorities consider an institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to public 
interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2022, of 
9 December, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended or supersed), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory 
intervention and resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.  
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail 
when, in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended from time to time, the Bank of Portugal’s powers 
as resolution authority in relation to certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, were transferred to the 
resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation - the “Single Resolution

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Board”. 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
(i) 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or 
other ownership instruments or of some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution, without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer;  
(ii) 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party;  
(iii) 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, 
by decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution 
or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge 
institution. Asset management vehicles are legal persons fully or partially owned by the relevant 
resolution fund; 
(iv) 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law (other than, for instance, covered 
deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds). In exceptional circumstances, when the 
bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain 
liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. This exception shall apply 
when strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements provided 
by law. Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers 
that an institution and/or certain other members of the institution's group meet the following 
conditions (“Resolution Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that such failure will be avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the 
adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other members of its group, the application 
of early intervention measures or of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), 
(c) a resolution action pursues any of the public interests listed above and (d) such public interests 
would not be pursued more effectively by the commencement of winding-up proceedings against

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses 
are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of 
creditors under normal insolvency proceedings. Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of 
an institution’s shareholders or of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items 
and assets under management to be sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on 
shareholders and on the Issuer’s Group expected returns and an indirect impact through changes to the 
institution’s business activities.  
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the 
Issuer), such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including 
limiting its capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the 
cancellation, modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and/or in other modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Programme Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools, where the 
resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the 
resolution authority to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general 
bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding 
the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to 
exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that 
institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities 
to permanently write-down or convert relevant capital instruments into equity (CET1 instruments) capital 
instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
of an institution or such institution's group and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-
Viability Loss Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is when any of the 
following conditions are met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet;

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer 
be viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the 
resolution tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of the Issuer Group 
entities could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory 
conversion tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their 
cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity 
could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Covered Bonds 
and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy their obligations under the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the 
Covered Bonds should consider the risk of losing their full investment, including principal and any accrued 
interest, if resolution measures are applied. 
The Issuer may not be able to issue certain MREL-eligible instruments and therefore be either unable to 
meet its MREL or capital requirements 
In order to meet in the future MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, 
affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the 
capacity to restrain the Issuer’s strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer’s liabilities, in 
particular, without limitation, to the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively 
affect the Issuer’s earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of 
ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features. These instruments may be viewed 
by investors as riskier than other debt instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed coupon 
payments, conversion into capital instruments and lack of available distributable items. Investor appetite for 
these instruments may thus decline in the future, which could render the Issuer unable to place them in the 
market. In this case, the Issuer would have to issue CET1 capital to meet the above mentioned regulatory 
requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory eligible instruments that would entail an 
associated coupon expense which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU regarding the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy was

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
transposed into the Portuguese legal framework by Law no. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019 which, in addition 
to governing the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and providing greater 
legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits vis-a-
vis unsecured senior debt. 
On 5 April 2023 the Issuer reported that it was notified by the Bank of Portugal of its MREL, as determined 
by the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), which replaces the previous applicable requirements that were 
publicly disclosed on 8 March 2022. 
The MREL requirements are expressed as a percentage of both Risk-Weighted Assets (“RWA”) and the 
Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”). 
As set out in the notification, the Issuer, on a sub-consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with 
a minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 19.43 per cent. of RWA, or 22.43 per cent. with 
the addition of the current Combined Buffer Requirement (“CBR”). The intermediate requirement 
applicable from 1 January 2022 is 16.18 per cent. of RWA, or 19.18 per cent. including the current CBR. 
The MREL requirement as a percentage of LRE is 5.91 per cent. (unchanged from previous 
communication), applicable from 1 January 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer already exceeded the final MREL requirements, both as a percentage 
of RWA and as a percentage of LRE. 
MREL requirements (including CBR) vs. reported ratios as of December 2022 
MREL requirements 
MREL ratios 
Current 
2024 
31 Dec. 2022 
% RWA 
19.18% 
22.43% 
25.6% 
% LRE 
5.91% 
5.91% 
11.1% 
The Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse market 
conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply with 
the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned instruments, 
there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those instruments at a 
higher premium. These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, 
financial condition and results of operation or prospects of the Issuer.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The impact on BPI of the resolution measures occurred in the past in Portugal and funding of possible 
future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, of 10 
February (the “Resolution Fund”).  
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which resulted in the 
sale of the business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco Santander Totta, S.A. (“Banco 
Santander Totta”) for the amount of €150 million. This transaction involved an estimated public support 
of €2,255 million to cover future contingencies, of which €489 million was provided by the Resolution Fund 
(which was financed by a loan in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State) and €1,766 million 
directly by the Portuguese State, as a result of the determination of the assets and liabilities to be sold as 
agreed between the Portuguese authorities, European bodies and Banco Santander Totta. 
The Portuguese Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from its participating institutions (including 
BPI). The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. 
In 2022, and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, Issuer’s Resolution Fund periodic 
contribution amount totalled €8.8 million.  
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector, as at 31 December 2022, the Issuer paid €21.2 million 
which were transferred by the Portuguese State to the Resolution Fund. 
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 
19/2022 for 2023, the rate has been set at 0.029 per cent. The periodic contribution paid by the Issuer as of 
31 December 2022 was €14.4 million, including contributions collected under the combined terms of the 
scheme transposing BRRD and the SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM, which was 
therefore almost entirely transferred to the SRF under Intergovernmental Agreement.  
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated, as there is the 
risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors’ 
and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant 
thereto.  
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) of €178 million, of which 
€32 million were not dependent on future profitability (as at 31 December 2021: €197 million).  
According to current legislation, if the Issuer incurs losses, there is the risk that the Portuguese State will 
become a shareholder of BPI by virtue of the DTAs’ conversion into ordinary shares, notwithstanding the 
right of BPI’s shareholder to acquire the conversion rights attributed to the Portuguese State following the 
DTAs’ conversion. 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the 
DTA could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and 
results. 
RISK SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Legal Risk 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the 
“CBD”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 were published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020.  
The CBD replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities (as amended) and establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered 
bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise 
when implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, 
and entered into force on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (as defined herein). 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer of covered 
bonds under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, to convert its 
existing covered bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme 
compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Issuer has submitted the application to the CMVM. 
The CMVM authorised such conversion, and thus this Base Prospectus is compliant with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The new legislative framework has not yet been tested and, unlike the Covered Bonds 
Law, there is currently no secondary legislation, thus possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
including as a result of consideration by CMVM of public consultation no. 1/2023 in relation to the new 
legislative framework which was made available by the CMVM on 7 February 2023. Accordingly, there is 
a risk that certain changes may need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, 
the differences between the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds Law, in addition to 
any other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, withdrawn or 
qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks discussed in this section and any other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any such 
lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
price of the Covered Bonds. 
Ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of the interest due 
on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and of the ultimate payment of principal in 
relation to the Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. Ratings only address the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks are 
not addressed, but may have a significant effect on yield for investors. Due to the methodology used by the 
main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. 
If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating is likely to be downgraded by an 
equivalent amount. 
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) 
may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Covered Bonds from any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. However, there can be no assurance as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Covered 
Bonds and what rating it may assign the Covered Bonds.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s España, BBB/F2 with stable outlook by Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P. 
The lack of a profitable secondary market 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered 
Bonds. Additionally, since the withdrawal process of the UK from the European Union, there has been 
increased volatility in the capital, currency and credit markets, which has recently been further enhanced by 
the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing turbulent developments involving Russia 
and Ukraine. 
Covered Bonds may be subject to an Extended Maturity Date 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. If an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds, 
the maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended (subject to any earlier 
redemption on an Interest Payment Date, as described in the paragraph below) to the Extended Maturity 
Date if either (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Maturity 
Date and it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days 
thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking 
supervisory authority, and in each case notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given 
to CMVM, all as further described in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) 
of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such 
extension of maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease to apply and the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined 
in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) of the Terms and Conditions on the applicable Maturity Date or (if the 
date such objection is received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) the 
Extension Cessation Date. 
In the event of any extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may also redeem all or 
part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. The interest payable on the Principal Amount Outstanding of any 
Series of Covered Bonds that has had its maturity extended pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions (and provided CMVM has not objected to any 
such extension) will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and such interest may apply on a

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
fixed or floating basis. Neither (i) the extension of maturity of any Series of Covered Bonds from the 
applicable Maturity Date to the applicable Extended Maturity Date nor (ii) any redemption of such Covered 
Bonds on the applicable Extension Cessation Date pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions will entitle the holders of such Covered Bonds to 
accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose and no 
payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions (see Terms and Conditions) as amended by the applicable Final Terms. In respect of any Series 
of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity 
Date will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the 
original maturity schedule of Covered Bonds. 
Although the CMVM has approved the conversion of the Programme, no assurance can be given by the 
Issuer that the CMVM will not oppose the extension of any Series of Covered Bonds in the future. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme whether outstanding at the date 
hereof or in the future benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) over all 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds 
(see “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”). The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any Hedge 
Counterparties at the date hereof and in the future are also preferred creditors of the Issuer also benefit from 
the above-mentioned special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”). 
None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of 
the holders of certain Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred 
Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the future. 
Risks related to Covered Bond which are linked to “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) have been the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented, with further changes being anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce or increase the rate or 
level, or affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to 
benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates and states 
that, inter alia, contracts and financial instruments referencing EURIBOR should include provision covering 
trigger events related to permanent cessation, temporary non-availability and non-representativeness and 
that trigger events should be objectively drafted in precise terms and refer to events made publicly available 
by the regulatory supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator. Finally, the final recommendations further 
state that market participants should seek consistency and use the same trigger events for all assets classes 
when developing and introducing fallback provisions in different financial instruments and contracts 
referencing EURIBOR, to the extent possible and appropriate and the replacement date should on occur on 
the date on which the benchmark has effectively ceased to be provided or is no longer representative.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved the 
final text of Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption 
of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, where the cessation or wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a 
benchmark should apply to any contract and financial instrument, as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to 
the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may 
further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 June 2023. On 10 February 
2021, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) 2021/168, which was published in the 
Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the following day. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and 
may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as 
EURIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still 
available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration 
of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and the potential effects of such changes may adversely affect such benchmarks during the 
term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities 
(including the Covered Bonds) based on those benchmarks; and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise 
unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the relevant 
fallback provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks 
of offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of EURIBOR), may 
not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the 
relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate 
benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters, consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks when making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. Investors in 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark. 
The Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are able to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that the 
Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, and the Cover 
Pool comprises of only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 
1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds and the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. No assurance or representation is given by the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, 
whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of 
Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”).  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO COVER POOL 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
The Cover Pool is expected to comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR. The Cover Pool 
shall comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are 
located in Portugal as Primary Assets.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does 
not require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change from time to time, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. For further information in respect of the Cover Pool, see Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
Risks relating to the effects of depreciation in the value of the relevant property on the Cover Pool 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer, the Cover Pool over which the holders 
of Covered Bonds have a special creditor privilege in relation to payment of the principal and any due and 
future interest will be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an autonomous estate 
not being liable for any of its debts until any outstanding amounts payable to the holders of Covered Bonds 
and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event of liquidation of the Issuer. 
However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, 
the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the 
remaining assets of the Issuer. 
The security for a mortgage credit included in the Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage 
over a property granted in favour of the Issuer. The value of this property and accordingly, the level of 
recovery on the enforcement of the mortgage, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value 
of the relevant property and no assurance can be given that the values of the relevant properties will not 
decline in the future. A situation where a mortgage has to be enforced to pay the holders of Covered Bonds 
is, however, highly unlikely because the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any mortgage 
credits which are delinquent for over 90 days must be immediately substituted. Notwithstanding, the 
variation of the value of mortgaged properties that are securing mortgage credits that are part of the Cover 
Pool, can impact the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under 
the Covered Bonds. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits which are included in the Cover Pool are and will generally be subject to amortisation of 
principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal 
at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits 
may result in the Issuer being required to include further mortgage credits and/or substitution assets in the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with the financial matching requirements under the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. If the Issuer is not able to properly include or substitute assets as aforesaid, this 
may cause the Issuer not comply with the financial matching requirements under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds and can impact the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately 
payable under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer’s entitlement to enter into Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate 
risk and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different 
currencies, in which case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. See Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging contracts, or the absence of entering into of 
hedging contracts, where the Issuer is entitled to enter into the same, can affect the performance of the Cover 
Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Covered Bonds, as compared to a situation 
where the opposite decision has been taken by the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
providing information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which, according to their respective nature, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses, and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of the 
U.S. Securities Act. 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third-party information has 
been used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
In accordance with, and for the purposes of, Articles 149, 150, 238(1) and (3)(a) of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors, the members of its Audit Committee and the 
Statutory Auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
Lda., member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) 
with number 183, registered with the CMVM under number 20161485, with registered office at Palácio 
SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 1, 3º, 1050-217 Lisbon, Portugal (“PwC”) (see Management and Statutory 
Bodies in the Description of the Issuer), are responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and each of them declares that, to the best of its knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to 
the aforementioned Articles is in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the 
import of such information.  
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; (ii) that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it 
and based on reasonable assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any 
statement, opinion or intention expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
In accordance with article 149, no. 3 (directly and ex vi article 238(1)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
liability of the entities referred to above is excluded if any such entities proves that the addressee knew or 
should have known about the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the 
contractual declaration or when the respective revocation was still possible. Pursuant to article 150 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code, the Issuer is strictly liable (i.e. independently of fault) if any of the members of 
its Board of Directors, its Audit Committee or PwC is held responsible for such information. As per article 
238(3)(b) of the Portuguese Securities Code, the right to compensation based on the responsibility for the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus, as per article 149, is to be exercised within six months 
following the knowledge of an inaccuracy in the contents of this Base Prospectus or the amendment thereto 
and ceases, in any case, two years following disclosure of (i) this Base Prospectus for admission to trading 
on a regulated market or (ii) amendment thereto that contains the defective information or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). Any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should 
be made on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus as a 
whole. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the 
Common Representative (as defined under General Description of the Programme) or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall, 
in any circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time after the date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of or 
as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. 
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission 
to trading made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus, any of which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The Arranger, the Common Representative and the 
Dealer expressly refrain from undertaking any to review of the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the duration of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent financial 
statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds.  
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Covered Bonds 
generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy 
any securities other than Covered Bonds or an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealer (save for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or 
the distribution of Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Programme or the Covered 
Bonds issued thereunder in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or the Covered Bonds 
issued thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that would 
result in compliance with any applicable securities laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe any 
applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Covered 
Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including, among other countries, Belgium), the UK, 
Switzerland, Singapore and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealer have not independently verified (i) the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any 
other agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
contained in this Base Prospectus, or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, 
validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or 
document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds is intended to provide the 
basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each 
potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon its own independent 
investigation as it deems necessary (namely of the financial condition, affairs and creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and the advantages and risks of investing in Covered Bonds). None of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger, the Common 
Representative or the Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Member State of the EEA of Covered Bonds which are the subject of a placement contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds, may 
only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of, respectively, Articles 3 and Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA 
and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA and such offer 
is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or 
its final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Neither the Dealer nor the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, and, to “U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S dollars” are to 
United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
The 
first 
quarter 
2023 
consolidated 
results 
earnings 
presentation 
(unaudited) 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro2.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=2F115B6D-E0B1-4CD9-BFD6-B15281E404C9). 
2. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(the 
Annual 
report 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro2.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=DCD8E456-1ECB-442F-BBFC-FE4FE76F5350). 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2021 
(the 
Annual 
report 
2021 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro2.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=D3135F48-6BA1-42C0-8B76-3A46285B660E). 
4. 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
BPI 
(https://rep.bancobpi.pt/RepMultimedia/getMultimedia.asp?channel=Multimedia%20-%20RI%20-
%20Informa%E7%E3o%20Obrig%20Investidores&content=Estatutos_Contrato_BancoBPI_PT). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CMVM in accordance with Articles 3 and 23, respectively, of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any information contained in the Issuer’s website 
(www.bancobpi.pt) is not part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM.  
The table below refers to points (1) to (3) above:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
The first quarter 2023 unaudited consolidated results 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 31 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 32 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 (Annual report 2022) 
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the 
period ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 346-357 
Consolidated balance sheets  
Consolidated statements of profit or loss 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income 
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
Statements of changes in shareholders' equity 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Page 191 
Page 192 
 
Pages 193 
 
Pages 196 
Pages 194 
Pages 197-345  
 
Information incorporated by reference 
 
Reference  
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the 
period  
ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 384-395 
Consolidated balance sheets  
Page 198 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss  
Page 199 
Consolidated statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income 
 
Page 200 
Consolidated statements of cash flows  
Page 203 
Statements of changes in shareholders' equity 
Page 201 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 204-383 
The page references for the first quarter 2023 consolidated results earnings presentation (unaudited) and for 
both 2022 and 2021 annual reports refer to the documents in PDF format.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/980, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depository (“CSD”) which will be the 
Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa, as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of 
Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of 
Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal.  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds will be offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which allows 
Interbolsa to control at all times the number of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system.  
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number 
(“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through 
LCH.Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system operated at Interbolsa, as well as through the clearing systems 
operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under 
the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext Lisbon 
takes place on the second Business Day after the trade date and is provisional until the financial settlement 
that takes place at the Bank of Portugal on the Final Settlement Date. Covered Bonds may be attributed 
Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code and/or 
other securities identifier, which will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Form of the Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (“forma escritural”) and title to the Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the applicable CMVM regulations and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds will be nominative Covered 
Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds 
held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised 
financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of 
holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Covered 
Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the ECB and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
the national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the Euro (the “Eurosystem”) monetary 
policy and intra-day operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, 
as such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to 
TARGET2 payment current-accounts held in the payment system of TARGET2 according to the applicable 
procedures and regulations of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose 
control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) 
in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures 
and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign 
Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD, to the 
relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Affiliate Member of Interbolsa must inform Interbolsa of the bank accounts to which the relevant 
payments shall be made. Interbolsa must notify the Bank of Portugal of the amounts to be settled, which 
Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules governing the accounts of the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance 
with Interbolsa procedures and regulations. In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
TARGET2 current account of the Paying Agent must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa 
Transfer of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bonds. No 
owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese 
Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to) any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (as amended, “MiFID II”), or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January, on insurance distribution (recast), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counter parties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3  
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
 
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable EU MiFID 
manufacturer.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification 
of the Covered Bonds is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].] 
 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent./Floating Rate/Zero 
Coupon] Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW NO. 31/2022, OF 6 MAY 2022 (THE “LEGAL REGIME OF 
COVERED BONDS”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER 
POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF 
COVERED BONDS. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] 
dated [●] [and [•]] (the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus 
 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR 
manufacturer.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Regulation”). The Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference into in each Covered Bond described herein, 
as applicable. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so as 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. A copy of these Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt.. A copy of these Final Terms are available for viewing at www.bancobpi.pt and 
www.cmvm.pt. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
any previous base prospectus whose terms and conditions are incorporated by reference herein as so supplemented or 
any other subsequent base prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date], as supplemented, which 
is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] dated [●]] (the “Base 
Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. A copy of the 
Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt. 
A copy of these Final Terms is available for viewing at www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Covered Bonds become 
fungible.)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
of 
Covered Bonds: 
 
 
A. Series: 
[●]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
B. Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds are 
to be admitted to trading  
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(ii) [Net Proceeds 
(Required only for listed issues)] 
[●] [an amount equal to: Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Covered Bonds minus Estimate of total expenses] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(N.B. the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
is €100,000) 
 
 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(NB: In case (i) no Extended Maturity Date is specified or 
(ii) an Extended Maturity Date is specified when a Series 
of Covered Bonds with no Extended Maturity Date feature 
is outstanding, the Issuer, when deciding the applicable 
Maturity Date, shall ensure that such change will not affect 
the ranking of outstanding Covered Bonds nor invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule of 
outstanding Covered Bonds in case of resolution or 
liquidation.) 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[insert date] (The date shall be at least one year after the 
Maturity Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may 
not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date for any other 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier 
Maturity Date.) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date (or the Extension Cessation Date, 
if applicable): 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
(further particulars specified below)  
 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Other (specify)]  
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Covered 
Bonds into another interest or redemption/payment basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally with all 
other covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds will qualify as covered bonds for the 
purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
15. 
Listing/Admission to Regulated Market 
[Euronext Lisbon/specify other/None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F)): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(i) 
Rate (s) of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[●] 
per 
cent 
per 
annum. 
[payable[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/other 
(specify)] in arrear]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [specify other]] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] in each month up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date]/[specify other]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate.] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate.]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction  
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or [specify other] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or 
[specify other] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally 
paid (if more than one, then insert such dates in the 
alternative)] in each year.] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then insert 
such dates in the alternative)] in each year 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).] 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
[None/give details] 
17. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.)  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F).] 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following (Adjusted) Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
Applicable]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
(Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/other (give details)] (State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s):

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/other 
(give details)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/other (give details)]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
       a) To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
       b) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
       a) To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] /Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.) 
 
       b) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] / Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.) 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum (State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives)

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(xii) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
18. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to late 
payment: 
[Condition 6.6 applies/specify other] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar 
denominated) 
 
(v) Interest 
rate 
applicable 
in 
case 
extension applies before the Maturity 
Date 
As provided above 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond 
[[●] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination/Other/See Appendix] 
22. 
[Early 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Covered Bond payable on an event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from that set 
out in Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase))]: 
(NB: The Final Redemption Amount shall correspond at 
least to the nominal amount) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
(a) Form of Covered Bonds: 
Registered Covered Bonds (nominativas) in book entry 
form (escriturais)  
 
 
 
 
(b) New Global Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates to which item 17 (iii) 
relates)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
26. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Redenomination is 
applicable, specify the terms of the redenomination in an 
Annex to the Final Terms) 
27. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(When adding on any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
‘‘significant new factors’’ and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
 
[In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of 
the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax 
certifications. See Taxation section.] 
 DISTRIBUTION  
28. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of relevant 
agreement] 
[In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of 
the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax 
certifications. See Taxation section] 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Commission Payable / Selling 
Concession: 
[●] 
29. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
30. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details ] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Applicable” should be specified) 
31. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared in the 
UK, “Applicable” should be specified)

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
32 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
33. 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[specify benchmark] is provided by administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply], such that [insert names(s) of 
administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration.]]/[Not Applicable]. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Covered Bonds described herein pursuant 
to the €9,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme of Banco BPI, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer is responsible for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party information] has 
been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ................................................................... 
By: ................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Applicable/None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon/Other 
(specify)/None] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
 
2. Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. Each of 
[defined terms] is established in the [European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) / United Kingdom (“UK”)] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) / 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)]: 
 
 
[DBRS: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[●] (specify): [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to the Covered Bonds being issued.) 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
EEA / UK.]and is registered under the [CRA 
Regulation / UK CRA Regulation] 
 
However, the ratings [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant 
EEA / UK entity] in accordance with the [CRA 
Regulation / UK CRA Regulation]. [Insert the name 
of the relevant EEA / UK entity] is established in the 
[EEA / UK] and registered under the [CRA 
Regulation / UK CRA Regulation.]  
3.  [Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. – amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4.  Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds (Issue Price minus the fees payable to the 
Dealer) and Estimated Total Expenses (the total expenses relating to admission to trading 
and the fees payable to the Dealer) 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer differ from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, will need 
to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
5. YIELD  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an 
estimation only and calculated with reference to 
the Rate of Interest that would be payable if the 
Issue Date would be an Interest Payment Date 
and on the assumption that such Rate of Interest 
(comprising the relevant rate plus margin) would 
not change in the future. Investors should be 
aware that the Rate of Interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date will be subject to the 
variation of the relevant Reference Rate. The 
index used to calculate the yield was [•]] 
6. Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stabilization Operation 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue 
to be registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade 
Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity as a securities settlement system, and 
does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[If applicable, name of the Stabilisation Manager 
and Period; Other information] 
 
Intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation 
to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds and shall be included in a 
supplement prepared by the Issuer for such purpose. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be incorporated by reference or endorsed upon, or attached to, each Covered Bond. Reference 
should be made to ‘‘Final Terms of the Covered Bonds’’ for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION 
WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED 
BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED 
BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) 
MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
It is the intention of the Issuer, but not its contractual undertaking, that any Covered Bonds to be issued are 
able to bear the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)”, as foreseen in article 42(2) of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The actual ability for such label to be used will depend on the compliance over time with 
the relevant requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and of article 129 of the CRR.  
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of covered bonds issued by Banco BPI, S.A. (the 
“Issuer”) in accordance with the procedures set out in Agency and Payments Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and payments 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency and Payments 
Procedures”) dated 30 April 2008 and made and agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent 
and Paying Agent which expressions shall include any successors, and as Issuer), as amended and restated 
from time to time, and by any subsequent agent and/or paying agent appointed by the Issuer. 
Any reference to “holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity in whose name the Covered 
Bonds are registered as such in the relevant securities account held with Interbolsa.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to holders of 
Covered Bonds following their prior written request to the Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Paying Agent). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent and at the the website of the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the “CMVM”) 
– www.cmvm.pt – save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The 
Covered Bonds holders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Agency and Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency and 
Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
(i) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions;  
(ii) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and Conditions 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that date) have 
been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency and Payments 
Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bonds

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against 
presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; 
(iv) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in nominative form (nominativas) and in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be held through Interbolsa and will be held in book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of 
Interbolsa as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date and 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a denomination per unit not 
lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, unless 
the Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market, 
in which case lower denominations per unit may apply.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted.  
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond. No owner

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law 
and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.  
The holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds 
are covered securities issued in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, which are secured by 
the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under covered bonds issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued 
pursuant the Covered Bonds Law and to which the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became applicable 
following the approval of the Programme by CMVM under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as provided 
in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(iv) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
(v) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of 
that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(vi) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
A. 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) bears interest on its Principal 
Amount Outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrears on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment 
Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Covered 
Bonds become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(A) (ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
B. 
Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (as set out below and detailed in the 
relevant Final Terms) the relevant rate of interest will be equal to the relevant reference rate plus or minus 
(as the case may be) the relevant Margin. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds; (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Eurozone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period, or (B) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.2.(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant 
Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
(iii) 
Request from Reference Banks: If, for the purposes of the calculations described in this Condition 
4.2(B), the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no offered quotations appear thereon, the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in 
the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide it with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Determination by Agent: If on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the above specified time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such offered rates, at the Agent’s request, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
at approximately the above specified time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR)plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined on the Interest Determination Date for the last preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(v) 
Reference Rate specified in Final Terms: If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
C. 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph B above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph B above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
D. 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
E. 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation 
Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant 
competent listing authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will 
be promptly notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
F. 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds), whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence 
of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all holders of Covered Bonds and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the holders

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
of Covered Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease 
to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof (which, in any case where an extension 
of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), shall be the Extension 
Cessation Date) unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In 
such event, interest will continue to accrue until the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due in respect 
of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) 5 days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received by the Agent, and notice to that effect has been 
given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of 
the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
A. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered 
Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of 
the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 4.3 (Accrual of interest), 
4.4(B) and 6.7(F). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds in arrears on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject 
as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
B. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), and subject 
to Condition 6.7(F) the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, 2 
Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in connection with any redemption of the Covered Bonds 
(other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the 
Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), interest will continue to accrue from (and including) 
the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extension Cessation Date at the same Rate of Interest that 
was applicable in respect of the interest period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date). 
C. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity 
Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with 
these Conditions.  
D. 
This Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply if the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
A. 
Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) applies only where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate 
(subject to the terms of this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement), failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.5(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4.5(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
4.5(D)).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith 
or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, 
or the holders of Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer determination made pursuant to this Condition 4.5(A). 
If (1) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (2) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5(A) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period, respectively. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest.  
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
respectively, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, respectively, shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, relating to the relevant last preceding Interest Period, respectively. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(A) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4.5(A). 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, as the case may be, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods, 
respectively, as necessary.  
B. 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that: (1) there is a Successor Rate, then such 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.5(C) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
operation of this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement); or (2) there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 4.5(C) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of 
interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark 
Replacement)). 
C. 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (1) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (2) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
D. 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(A) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.5(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of holders of Covered Bonds, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
E. 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered Bonds. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
F. 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.5(A), 4.5(B), 4.5(C) and 
4.5(D), the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) 
shall prevail. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement), if in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark 
Replacement), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so.  
G. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) neither the 
Agent, nor the Calculation Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer and / or the Independent 
Adviser in respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent or Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
rights or protections, of the Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Terms and Conditions. 
H. 
For avoidance of doubts, neither the appointment of an Independent Adviser nor any changes 
required in the context of any Benchmark Amendment will be subject to the previous approval of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds (to be obtained in a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds).  
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
METHOD OF PAYMENT 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by 
a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall 
be Sydney);

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and  
(iii) 
payments in U.S. dollars will be made by a transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the 
payee with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 
(Payments), means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction or by cheque drawn on a U.S. 
bank. In no event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. 
All payments of interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be 
permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the 
Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
PAYMENTS IN RELATION TO COVERED BONDS  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds may only be made in Euro or in such other 
currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) 
from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted by, 
Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities held through 
Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of 
Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with 
such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the 
aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euros will be (a) 
transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, 
from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de 
Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts 
of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
PAYMENT DAY  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation; or; 
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation 
to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of 
the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open,  
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by 
Interbolsa (as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds 
to a day on which the TARGET2 System is open). 
5.4 
INTERPRETATION OF PRINCIPAL  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; and  
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
FINAL REDEMPTION

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Subject to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER (CALL OPTION) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered 
Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
will be redeemed proportionally. 
6.3 
REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS (PUT OPTION) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. To 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent, at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. Any 
Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right 
to require redemption will be exercised directly against the Issuer, through the Paying Agent.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
6.4 
PURCHASES 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.5 
CANCELLATION 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and 
any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.4 (Purchases) above 
shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.6 
LATE PAYMENT ON ZERO COUPON COVERED BONDS 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply (or, where an extension of maturity ceases to apply 
pursuant to Condition 6.7(F)), upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 
6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) or 6.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused or where an 
extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated according to 
the following formula:  
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
6.7 
EXTENSION OF MATURITY UP TO EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
A. 
Any Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of 
Covered Bonds shall be at least one year after the applicable Maturity Date, provided that in any 
case the Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date for any other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer may decide not to apply an Extended Maturity Date to a Series of Covered Bonds 
provided that the rating assigned to the outstanding Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies at the 
time of issue of such Series is not adversely affected. 
B. 
In the case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension of maturity for a Series of Covered 
Bonds to the applicable Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking of covered bonds issued 
by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the 
original maturity schedule for such covered bonds referred to in (i) above. 
C. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (i) the Issuer fails to 
redeem all of the Covered Bonds of a Series in full on the Maturity Date and it is foreseeable (as 
determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter and (ii) the 
Issuer has given notice to CMVM in the manner described in paragraph (F) below, the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date, subject as described in paragraph (F) below.  
D. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of resolution 
or voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
have been subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates and any such Extended 
Maturity Date falls later than the relevant Maturity Date for the Covered Bonds of any other Series 
then outstanding that has not been extended (and which Maturity Date for such other Series is later 
than the corresponding Maturity Date of such extended Series of Covered Bonds) the maturity of 
such other Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to its relevant Extended Maturity 
Date, as required by article 21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
E. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the authorisation of 
the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority (being 
the European Central Bank and the Bank of Portugal, acting individually or jointly, and including 
any successor) and leading to mandatory liquidation of the Issuer, the maturity of all Series of

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Covered Bonds will, subject to the right of CMVM to oppose such extension in the manner 
described in paragraph (F) below), be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
F. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at least 10 
calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if that is not possible, in light of 
the occurrence or knowledge of the event, as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM of such 
extension and the respective grounds for such extension, in particular that it is foreseeable (as 
determined by the Issuer) that (i) (in the case of any extension of maturity in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (C) above) the Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
and such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) (in the case of any extension of 
maturity in the circumstances described in paragraph (E) above) the Issuer’s authorisation as credit 
institution will be (or has been) revoked. CMVM may oppose any such extension within 10 calendar 
days of the Issuer giving notice to CMVM if it considers that the Extension Legal Requirements are 
not met.  
If CMVM decides on the basis of the Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension of 
maturity, the extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will not apply. In the absence of any 
decision by CMVM to oppose such extension within 10 calendar days from the date the Issuer gives 
the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will continue 
to apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if CMVM has received less than 10 calendar days’ notice from the 
Issuer of any possible extension and at the date on which the maturity for the Covered Bonds is 
scheduled to be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date CMVM has not yet decided 
whether or not it opposes such extension, the maturity for the Covered Bonds will extend to the 
Extended Maturity Date. If subsequently (but within 10 calendar days from the date the Issuer gives 
the relevant notice to CMVM) CMVM then decides on the basis of the Extension Legal 
Requirements to oppose such extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to 
apply and each Covered Bond shall, as at the date of such cessation (the “Extension Cessation 
Date”) then become immediately due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount together with 
any accrued interest determined pursuant to Condition 4.4(B) (or, in the case of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, an amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.6 (Late payment on Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds)). 
G. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Rating Agencies,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice that it has notified CMVM of any potential extension 
to the maturity of the Covered Bonds and of any decision CMVM notifies to the Issuer in respect 
of such potential extension. Any failure by the Issuer to notify any such persons shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any extension or give rise to rights in any such person, under this 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
H. 
In the event of an extension of the maturity for the Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date, 
the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall 
give to the holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent and 
the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such 
person.  
I. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions.  
J. 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable, unless CMVM opposes such extension, as 
described within paragraph (F) above. Where this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or 
any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up 
to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
K. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates 
on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date).  
L. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall 
be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
M. 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of 
those Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further covered bonds, unless 
the proceeds of issue of such further covered bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming 
in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
PAYMENTS FREE OF TAXES 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any legally 
applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in Portugal), 
except if any Tax withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the applicable obligations). The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. See Taxation section. 
7.2 
NO PAYMENT OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of 
taxes).  
7.3 
TAXING JURISDICTION 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to the 
Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
7.4 
TAX DEDUCTION NOT EVENT OF DEFAULT  
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above, this shall not constitute an event of default by the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the case of principal) 
and 5 years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject in each case to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Date” means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has 
not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
INSOLVENCY EVENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
INSOLVENCY EVENT 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the 
holders of Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an Acceleration 
Notice, in which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and payable each at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the cover pool over which the holders of covered 
bonds have a special creditor privilege including the principal and any accrued and future interest in relation 
to the cover assets will be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an autonomous 
estate not being liable for any debts of the Issuer until any outstanding amounts payable to the covered bond 
holders and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event of liquidation of the Issuer.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution 
of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 
October, as amended, from time to time, the RGICSF and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the 
Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March, as amended 
from time to time). Investors should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2 
ENFORCEMENT 
(A) Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the holders of 
the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been indemnified and/or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, at its discretion and 
without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may deem fit 
to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard to 
the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any action 
with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any other 
Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to 
do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
A. 
The names of the Agent, the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. In 
the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as 
the Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
B. 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common 
Representative in continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock 
Exchange or as the case may be, other relevant authority. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Covered Bonds shall, in respect of the Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Lisbon, 
be published on CMVM’s information system (www.cmvm.pt). Furthermore, any such notice shall be 
disclosed by any further means required to allow a fast access by all holders of Covered Bonds throughout

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
the EU and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above.  
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the Portuguese law requirements that may be 
applicable, namely pursuant to the Portuguese Companies Code and CMVM’s Regulation no. 1/2023.  
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
A. 
The Portuguese Companies Code, which applies to Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 28 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders 
of Covered Bonds to consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest 
(which provisions are described and supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement), including the modification by Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the 
provisions of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
B. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented in such Series; or (ii) a Resolution 
regarding a Reserved Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or 
representing at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing 
holders of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented in such Series; or (iii) a Resolution regarding 
any increase of the charges to the holders of Covered Bonds will be any person or persons holding 
or representing all of the Covered Bonds of the relevant series then outstanding. Each Covered Bond 
grants its holder one vote. 
C. 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the 
majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a 
Reserved Matter, at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (iii) 
if in respect of a Resolution regarding any increase of the charges to the holders of Covered Bonds, 
unanimity by all holders of Covered Bonds of the relevant series then outstanding.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or 
of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) 
to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series 
into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of 
the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of 
interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this 
definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in 
Condition 12(C)(ii); 
D. 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject as 
provided below, be binding on all the holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Common Representative may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series if in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto 
mutatis mutandis. 
E. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency 
Event and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action 
(each a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the 
holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
F. 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Common 
Representative or, if it refuses to convene such a meeting, by the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common Representative and the Chairman of the General 
Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer refuses to convene the meeting, then 5 per cent. of the holders 
of Covered Bonds of any Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be convened. 
G. 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
H. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date 
of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
A. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and 
discretions without the approval of such holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
B. 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers, authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not 
reasonably assured to it under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or if it has not been provided 
with adequate indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding any 
Programme Resolution or any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any written resolution 
of any holders of Covered Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) to the extent permitted by 
law, refrain from taking any action until it has been provided with sufficient funds or adequate 
indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as a result of any such actions,(ii) refrain 
from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or which 
might otherwise render it liable to any person, and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion necessary 
to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the holders of Covered 
Bonds for any consequences of such actions or inaction. The Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement contains further provisions for the indemnification of the Common Representative and 
for its relief from responsibility.  
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the value (determined in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the Regulatory Notices) of the Cover Pool 
maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the aggregate value of 
all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme or such other percentage as may be 
selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor (the 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage”), provided that:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, be reduced by the Issuer below 105 per cent.; 
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants), if this could result in any 
credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by any Rating Agency being reduced, 
removed, suspended or placed on credit watch; and 
(iii) 
assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall not be 
subject to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer 
Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards 
those limits. 
14.2 
LIQUIDITY BUFFER 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Cover Pool shall include a Liquidity Buffer 
comprised by Liquidity Assets to cover the Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 
days, provided that (i) uncollateralised claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to 
article 178 of the CRR cannot contribute to the Liquidity Buffer, and (ii) if an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, principal repayments under the Covered Bonds shall 
be considered due for this purpose on the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
14.3 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
A. 
Eligible Assets: only assets listed in article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of article 129 of the CRR are met) may be part of 
the Cover Pool (whether as Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets), 
provided that:  
(a) 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed the lesser of (i) the principal 
amount of the respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they 
exist) and (ii) either 80 per cent. of the Current Property Value, in case of a 
Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per 
cent., in the circumstances foreseen in article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; 
and  
(b) 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined 
in the CRR) shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify 
for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per cent. of 
the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) 
of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify 
for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
B. 
Primary Assets: the Primary Assets shall be Mortgage Credits; 
C. 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts, Properties or other Cover Pool assets will be made in compliance with the 
requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and, to the extent 
applicable and not conflicting, the Regulatory Notices;  
D. 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary 
elements and information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and under the terms set forth in the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement;  
E. 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-
Performing Mortgage Credits; and 
F. 
Insurance: the Properties are adequately insured against the risk of damage. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the Covered 
Bonds, and the other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds that the courts of Portugal are 
to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds 
and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of 
or in connection with the Covered Bonds may be brought in such courts.  
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts 
of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement).  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to holders of Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 30 April 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended. 
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal, 
or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payment Procedures. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto. 
“Base Prospectus” means the base prospectus dated 21 June 2023, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D).  
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate, the 
occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, has the meaning 
ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities.  
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered 
office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended and restated on 21 June 2023, and as may be further amended and restated.  
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, 
and comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified in the 
Register.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with CMVM 
with registration number 20161389, with its registered office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 
1070-100 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 21 June 2023 entered into by and between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated.  
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time, which has been revoked 
by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended from time to time; 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
“EU” means the European Union.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time 
to time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.6(F). 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
covered bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details 
of that Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable 
Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms 
of article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A).  
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 15 November 2006, relating to certain information duties applicable in relation 
to the issue of covered bonds, to the extent consistent with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration 
of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários). 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds, annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to 
time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated 
regulation adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, 
and are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector 
entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in 
the CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, 
provided that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible 
Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition Error! Reference source not 
found.(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under b) 
above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, segregated and allocated 
to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and Moody’s Investor Services España S.A., which are established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor.  
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a pecuniary loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which 
is registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to 
be met pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable 
requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants).  
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date) and 
interest payments under the Covered Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment 
inflows falling due on the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered Bonds.  
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation). 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A, with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, 
Portugal.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds 
under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time.  
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time.  
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered 
bonds, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary 
Assets are Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) 
and (f) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the €9,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 30 April 2008 for the 
issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer and as converted on 21 June 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time.  
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealer, as amended from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme.  
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market 
value (which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for 
which the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in 
an arm's-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably,

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
prudently and without compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such 
Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, article 208 of the CRR and, except where conflicting, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, 
provided that, in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value 
of the Property and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine a quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices. 
“Registered Covered Bond” means any Covered Bond in registered form. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real 
estate assets serving as security for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of 
covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits 
applicable in relation to the issue of covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, 
winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution which has issued covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal under the Covered 
Bonds Law, namely Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 13/2006, Regulatory 
Notice 8/2006, to the extent it remains applicable in accordance with article 7(9) of Decree-Law 31/2022, 
of 6 May 2022, and any relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by CMVM, including to

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
replace any such Bank of Portugal secondary legislation in the future. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to 
Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by the 
Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December, as amended. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be 
listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation 
to any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered 
Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they 
comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.  
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
(TARGET2) or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs including the 
Portuguese Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to 
the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL  
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, covered bonds may only be issued by duly licensed credit institutions. The Issuer meets this 
requirement and thus is qualified to issue covered bonds under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool may contain Primary Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquidity 
Assets (each as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below), subject to the limitations provided for 
in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows for the composition 
of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets 
(and other permitted assets) to be comprised in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date 
hereof in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and with 
the Regulatory Notices (as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a permanently identifiable 
and segregated register (the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The Issuer plans to issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in 
the relevant Cover Pool, additional mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Covered 
Bonds in accordance with relevant provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as further detailed 
below.  
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, to take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing 
or being repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables, including, but not limited to, interest revenue and repayments, which 
comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered 
Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that 
the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Each Cover Pool shall 
comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets, provided that: 
(a) 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed either 80 per cent. of the Current Property Value, 
in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per cent., 
in the circumstances foreseen in Article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current Property Value, in 
case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; and  
(b) 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 
of the CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 
3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
and (v) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not 
exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Other assets Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool:  
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not 
deemed to be Primary Assets; 
(b) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions located in the EEA which are not in a 
control or group relationship with the Issuer; and 
(d) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which 
are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which 
have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the 
associated Property is located for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds outside Portugal 
without first obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from 
the Rating Agencies a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then 
ascribed by such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows the Cover Pool to include hedging contracts aimed exclusively 
at hedging risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. These hedging contracts will form 
part of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and 
requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, any such 
hedging contract can only be included in the Cover Pool provided they (i) are exclusively aimed at covering 
risk; (ii) their volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk covered; (iii) cease if the covered risk 
ceases to exist; (iv) are sufficiently documented; (v) are segregated in accordance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds; (vi) cannot be terminated upon the liquidation or resolution of the Issuer; (vii) are traded 
on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU Member State, or on a recognised market of 
an OECD country, or whose counterparties are credit institutions located in the EEA, whose exposures are 
eligible (A) for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2 (both as defined in CRR); or (B) for credit quality 
step 3 (as defined in the CRR), if authorised by the competent authority; and (viii) are included on the basis 
of their market value, or, in the absence of such market value, at a value calculated the basis of on adequate 
valuation methods. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers the CMVM to develop the eligibility 
criteria for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging 
Contract, identify (i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the underlying 
asset or assets; (iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the 
commencement date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must 
enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be 
managed through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty 
relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
LOAN TO VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Articles 129(1)(d) and (f) of the CRR, the amount of 
a Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer and registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool may not exceed 
the lesser of (i) the principal amount of the respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if 
they exist), and (ii) 80 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of 
the value of the Property, if it is commercial property (which, in the case of commercial property, may be 
increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). The loan to value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-
loan basis; (ii) determine the portion of the loan contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the 
Covered Bonds; and (iii) apply throughout the entire maturity of the loan. For further details, see section 
“Valuation of Cover Pool” below. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the Regulatory Notices, all liabilities of the 
Covered Bonds shall be fully secured by the cover assets.  
In compliance with the above legal requirements, in particular with Article 129(3)(a) of the CRR, Condition 
14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise 
of the Cover Pool with respect to outstanding Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105 per cent. or such 
other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, 
provided that: (i) the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, be reduced by the Issuer below 105 per cent.; (ii) without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall 
not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then 
assigned to the Covered Bonds by any Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on 
credit watch.; and (iii) assets contributing to the minimum level of the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall 
not be subject to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), 
paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those limits. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred to above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be accounted according to an amount equal to the book value of such 
Mortgage Credits entered on the Register (together with any matured and accrued interest, if the 
requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds are met);

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
together with accrued interest; 
(c) 
in relation to any other assets in the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued interest 
(juros corridos); and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by one value 
resulting from the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued interests (juros corridos). 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange 
rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the terms set forth 
in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, monitor the Issuer’s 
compliance with the financial requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the 
Regulatory Notices described in this section. The Issuer must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware 
that it has failed to comply with any provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds summarised herein 
(or when it is reasonable to expect that they will not be complied with), take all steps to comply with that 
provision, by undertaking one or more of the following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new Primary or Substitution Assets, with or without substitution of those already 
allocated to the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
amortising Covered Bonds in a sufficient amount to remedy the breach; and/or 
(c) 
allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Notwithstanding the above, Mortgage Credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the Cover 
Pool may still remain in such Cover Pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 
90 days and such Mortgage Credits not removed from the Cover Pool following 90 days shall not count 
towards the statutory tests or the Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met 
by the Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers the CMVM to specify, by regulatory notice (“Aviso”), 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that 
it considers relevant for determining the value of eligible assets for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
Covered Bonds. However, as established by the transitional provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, all regulations or regulatory notices adopted by the Bank of Portugal, under the Covered Bonds Law, 
shall remain in force until substitution by CMVM’s regulations. 
Pursuant to the above, the valuation requirements applicable to the Properties are set out in the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, the CRR and in the Regulatory Notice 5/2006 and Regulatory Notice 6/2006. 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool shall be equal 
to or less than the amount determined as such Property’s market value, in accordance with the most recent 
independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, 
under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, Article 208 of the CRR and, except where conflicting, the 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006. 
The market value, in accordance with point (76) of Article 4(1) of the CRR, means the estimated amount 
for which the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller 
in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, 
prudently and without compulsion. 
Valuation by expert 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notice 5/2006, prior to the 
inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a real estate 
valuation expert, with necessary qualifications, competence and experience. The real estate valuation expert 
shall (i) be independent from the decision-making process concerning the granting of the credit; (ii) not take 
into account speculative elements in the assessment of the value of the physical cover asset and the cover 
documents; and (iii) document the value of the physical cover asset in a transparent and clear manner. 
Regarding the monitoring of Property Valuation, the Issuer shall monitor the value of the Property 
frequently and at least annually. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall proceed with a more frequent monitoring where the market 
conditions are subject to significant changes.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
In addition, such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever (i) the information 
available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the value of the Property 
or (ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general market prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Regulatory Notice 5/2006 may, 
however, be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations are carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis 
and credit decision-making process within the Issuer’s Group; 
(b) 
the valuations are subject to a written report from the valuation expert that includes in a clear and 
accurate way elements that allow the understanding of the analysis and conclusions of the 
valuation expert; 
(c) 
the Properties have been valued in light of the corresponding market value or the value of the 
mortgaged Property, as established by Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property is over-valued at the time of allocation of 
the relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required valuation 
of Properties shall be independent from the credit decision process and be adequately qualified and 
experienced for the performance of their functions, in accordance with Article 208(3)(b) of the CRR. The 
Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, notably where 
there is (i) any specific interest of the real estate valuation expert in the Property subject to the valuation; 
(ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related to the 
Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on the 
valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Issuer’s Group, provided such valuation expert is 
independent from the credit analysis and decision making process within the Issuer’s Group. 
In accordance with the Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer 
must ensure adequate diversification and rotation, and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated 
list of selected valuation experts, setting out the criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well 
as the Properties valued by each valuation expert. The list applicable to each year shall be sent to the CMVM 
by the end of January of the following year, indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such list from 
the list submitted the previous year.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Under Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the CMVM may, in relation to a given Property, require the Issuer to 
appoint another valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous valuation raises 
doubts as to its correctness. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods 
of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, 
as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or assumptions 
adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market or the 
market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the mortgaged Property and of the 
market value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has effected the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices, in 
particular Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) €500,000, in 
the case of residential Properties, or €1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of the 
relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
The Issuer shall also perform any internal check of the value of each of the Properties once every three 
years, for residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties.  
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that 
indicates that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the property value may 
have suffered a material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to 
recognised indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send the CMVM a report with the 
detailed description of such indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, together 
with an opinion on the adequacy of such indexes and statistical methods produced by a reputable 
independent valuation expert. 
All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be documented by the Issuer, setting out the 
description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor 
to supervise in the terms set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement, compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and in Regulatory Notice 5/2006 relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of other assets 
Pursuant to Regulatory Notice 6/2006, the other Assets shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted according to their amount together with any accrued interest (juros 
corridos); and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounting for according to the 
value resulting from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the 
Eurosystem or, if lower, according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued 
interest (juros corridos). 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall adopt and implement procedures to verify 
if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and principal in relation to a mortgage credit 
asset comprised in the Cover Pool is duly insured against the risk of loss or damage.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
(património autónomo), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due 
to the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in 
the Cover Pool must be recorded in a segregated register within, and maintained by, the Issuer, such register 
to record the following: 
(i) 
borrower identification; 
(ii) 
the outstanding amount; 
(iii) 
the interest rate; 
(iv) 
the amortisation date;  
(v) 
for collateralised claims, the identification of the entity or individual before whom the relevant 
deed was drawn up or who authenticated the private deed whereby the collateral was created; and 
(vi) 
proof of final entry of the collateral in the corresponding real estate registry. 
In case of default in payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds, and in case the holders of such 
Covered Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant Covered Bonds, holders of such Covered Bonds, or the 
Common Representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the Cover Pool 
allocated to the relevant Covered Bonds, in accordance with terms to be defined by regulation from CMVM. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege 
over the Cover Pool with preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal 
and payment of interest due under the Covered Bonds. For further information, please refer to the chapter 
entitled “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a 
possible insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
In the event of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that 
any assets comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in 
connection with derivative contracts shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer and will be 
managed autonomously by a third party, and will not form part thereof, until full payment of any amounts 
due and payable to the holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative contracts. In any case, 
and even if the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds determines that timely 
payments of interest and reimbursements under the Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, 
the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the 
remaining assets of the Issuer. 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, CMVM shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, as 
the competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and interests of the holders of Covered Bonds, in 
particular by verifying the continuity and sound management of the covered bonds programme following 
the resolution action. 
In this situation, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled 
to adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least 
two thirds of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed 
to manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered 
Bonds.  
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution 
authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the Issuer, 
informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the Covered Bonds in the resolution action applied. In addition, 
if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of Portugal 
will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the authorisation of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent liquidation 
of the Issuer, CMVM may appoint a special administrator (the “Special Administrator”) within 10 business 
days after the revocation of such authorisation. The roles and responsibilities of the Special Administrator 
include:

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(i) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the management and settlement of cover assets, including their transfer to another credit institution 
that issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered bonds; 
(iii) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(a) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(b) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered 
Bonds; and  
(c) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets into the Cover Pool and 
the transfer of the remaining assets to the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer, 
after all Covered Bond liabilities have been discharged; 
(iv) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and 
respective collateral, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds, including, but not limited to: 
(a) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(b) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; 
and 
(d) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
(v) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular, in cases where such Special Administrator 
fails to fulfil and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. The remuneration of the Special Administrator is fixed by CMVM and constitutes a charge on the 
Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the performance 
of their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in 
relation to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual 
report, regarding the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
independent auditor appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end of 
the relevant financial year, the Special Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly with 
the audit report.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Bondholders, S.L., with registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, has been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Covered Bonds. According 
to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and to the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code, 
the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to ensure 
protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, namely: (a) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in respect 
of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their legal or 
contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of Covered 
Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to represent the 
holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against the Issuer and, 
in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or against the 
Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which is provided 
to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information regarding 
the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may become aware of by virtue of its role as Common Representative 
under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the Common 
Representative and appoint a new common representative. The removal of any Common Representative 
shall not become effective unless a common representative in office is appointed.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified 
person or entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who shall be responsible, 
for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the 
requirements contained in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor 
registered with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not 
related with or associated to any group of interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that 
hinders its independent analysis and decision-making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall 
not (i) be the statutory auditor responsible for the statutory audit of BPI’s annual report in the two years 
prior to the time of its appointment and is not financially, personally, commercially, professionally, or 
otherwise related to any such statutory auditor, its network, or any individual who can influence the findings 
of the audit; or (ii) be associated with any special interest group in BPI nor is in any situation that could 
hinder its impartiality of analysis or decision-making, in particular because it holds or acts on behalf of 
holders of qualifying holdings of 5 per cent. or more of BPI 's share capital nor has performed the duties set 
out in (i) above in relation to the relevant issuance or the covered bonds programme for 10 consecutive 
years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 21 June 2023, the Issuer appointed Deloitte & 
Associados, SROC, S.A. as Cover Pool Monitor. Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. is registered with 
CMVM under registration number 20161389. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in 
relation to the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and 
the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants)) 
concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement provides for certain 
matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation of assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool Monitor, the resignation 
of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer of the Cover Pool Monitor.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for 
the benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer with the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices in respect 
of the Cover Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer 
with the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer 
Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices, the Cover Pool Monitor is 
entitled to be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements relating to outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the performance of its duties, the 
Cover Pool Monitor shall verify on an ongoing basis, including in the event of liquidation or resolution of 
the Issuer, the quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable 
requirements on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity 
of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity 
requirements, as well as the information provided to the holders of Covered Bonds. In addition, if the Cover 
Pool Monitor, while performing its duties, detects any irregularity it shall communicate it immediately and 
simultaneously to the Issuer and CMVM. 
Finally, in accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must 
produce an annual report, by reference to 31 December, with an assessment of the Issuer’s compliance with 
the requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices, in 
particular the quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable 
requirements on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity 
of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity 
requirements, as well as information provided to investors. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor can only be dismissed by the Issuer with cause, and their dismissal and relevant 
cause must be communicated to CMVM within 10 days from its occurrence. The Cover Pool Monitor may

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
retire, upon giving not less than 3 calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Any such termination or 
retirement shall not become effective until a new cover pool monitor is appointed.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is wholly owned by CaixaBank, S.A. (“CaixaBank”) and focuses on the commercial banking 
business in Portugal, using its distribution network and digital channels to offer services and financial 
products to corporate, institutional and individual customers. 
BPI serves 1.9 million customers in the domestic market and is the fourth largest financial institution in 
terms of business volume5 (€70.8 billion in loans, guarantees and total customer resources), with market 
shares6 above 11 per cent. in loans and in customer resources.  
The business model of BPI is based on a specialized, omnichannel and fully integrated distribution network, 
as well as on a complete range of financial products and services, structured to meet the specific needs of 
each segment. Part of this offer includes products and services provided by associated companies in Portugal 
and by companies of CaixaBank group, as shown in the figure below, which also illustrates BPI’s financial 
holdings in African banks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 As of 31 December 2022. Source: BPI calculations using public information. 
6 Source: Banco BPI, Banco de Portugal, Associação Portuguesa de Fundos de Investimento, Pensões e Patrimónios (APFIPP), Associação 
Portuguesa de Seguradores (APS) and BPI Vida e Pensões. 
1) In association with Allianz, which holds 65 per cent. of the share capital.  
2) The sale to Allianz Trade of BPI’s stake in Cosec was approved and is expected to be completed in 1H2023. 
(35%) 
(50%) 
(35,7%) 
(48,1%) 
Commercial Banking 

Non-life 
insurance 

Export credit 
insurance 
Financial Investments in 
African Banks: 
BCI 
 
Mozambique 
BFA  
 
Angola 
BPI 

Retail and Premier 

Small Businesses 

Business Banking  

Corporate & 
Institutional 
Banking  
% of capital held by BPI 
Activity in Portugal 
Financial 
Investments 
Allianz Portugal 
1)  
Cosec 
2) 
 
BPI Vida e Pensões 

Capitalisation 
insurance 
BPI Gestão de Ativos 

Investment funds 

Life-risk insurance 
CaixaBank’s Group entities 
CaixaBank’s branch in Portugal 

Corporate 
finance 

Brokerage and 
research 
CaixaBank Payments & Consumer* 

Debit and credit 
cards 
Comercia Global Payments 

Acquiring, POS 
terminals 
CaixaBank Equipment Finance 

Equipment Renting 
*Market leader in Spain 

Private Banking

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
On 31 December 2022, the physical distribution network comprised 325 business units, namely 278 retail 
branches, 1 mobile branch, 14 premier centres, 3 private banking centres and specialist branches and units 
serving corporate and institutional customers, including 22 corporate and institutional banking centres, 1 
real estate business centre, 4 corporate centres and 2 institutional centres. In addition, BPI has several other 
teams that with high flexibility serve customers remotely, namely: 5 inTouch centres (provide individual 
customers with a dedicated manager accessible by phone or digital channels, in extended hours), 1 AGE 
centre (remotely serves young customers, between 18 and 25 years old), 1 Connect centre (remotely serves 
customers with low commercial potential and involvement). 
In addition to the physical network, BPI provides several virtual channels, which include homebanking (BPI 
Net and BPI Net Empresas), telephone banking (BPI Direto), mobile applications (Apps BPI), and a virtual, 
currently only informative, Branch launched in metaverse. BPI is the first Bank in Portugal to offer an 
immersive experience of presented banking services and contact with customers in the virtual world.  
Among main banks in Portugal, in the individual customers’ segment, the Issuer maintains a strong presence 
in digital channels, ranking #2 in satisfaction and penetration in digital channels7. In 2022, more than 32% 
of total sales of core8 products were originated in digital channels. 
HISTORY 
BPI's origins date back to 1981 with the establishment of SPI - Sociedade Portuguesa de Investimentos, 
which had a diversified shareholder base, mainly composed of national companies, including 100 of the 
most dynamic Portuguese firms and four of the most important international financial institutions.  
In 1985 SPI underwent a transformation that gave rise to BPI, the first Portuguese private bank set up 
following the reopening of the sector to private initiative, after the nationalisations of 1975. In 1986, BPI 
became the first bank listed on the Portuguese stock exchange.  
In 1991, ten years after its creation, BPI, which in the meantime had already achieved a clear leadership in 
the main areas of Investment Banking, expanded its business to commercial banking through the acquisition 
of Banco Fonsecas & Burnay (BFB).  
 
 
7 Source: BASEF (December 2022). 
8 Number of sales to individual customers in mutual funds/retirement savings products, prestige products, personal credit, credit cards and stand-
alone insurance.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
In 1995, the institution was converted into a bank holding company. This reorganisation, which led to the 
specialisation of the Group's units, was accompanied by an important reinforcement of its shareholder 
structure with the entry of two new strategic partners: La Caixa Group and Allianz Group. 
In 1996, BPI doubled in size with the acquisition of Banco de Fomento e Exterior (BFE) and Banco Borges 
& Irmão (BBI).  
Two years later, in 1998, Banco BPI was formed by the merger of the commercial–banks - BFB, BFE and 
BBI -, concentrating commercial banking activity in a single entity under a single brand. 
In 2022, BFA was created, in Angola, from the transformation’of BPI's Luanda branch into a fully-fledged 
Angolan-law bank. In 2008, 49.9% of BFA’s share capital was sold to Unitel S.A..  
In 2012, BPI implemented a Recapitalisation Plan that involved the issuance of €1.5 billion of contingent 
convertible subordinated bonds (“CoCos”) subscribed by the Portuguese State, aimed at fulfilling the 
recapitalisation exercise proposed by the EBA. In 2014, BPI fully reimbursed the CoCos, completing the 
reimbursement to the State three years ahead of schedule.  
In April 2016, CaixaBank, holding on that date 44.1 per cent of BPI's share capital, launched a public tender 
offer on all BPI’shares.  
In January 2017, BPI sold to Unitel, S.A. an equity interest representing 2 per cent. of BFA’s share capital 
reducing its stake to 48.1 per cent.. 
In February 2017, upon completion of the public tender offer, CaixaBank took over control of BPI, raising 
its stake up to 84.5 per cent.. BPI became part of one of the largest Iberian financial groups. 
In May 2018, CaixaBank acquired from Allianz the entire 8,4 per cent. stake held by the latter in BPI, after 
which it held 92.9 per cent. of BPI. 
In December 2018, following the compulsory acquisition of any remaining shares of the Issuer by 
CaixaBank, CaixaBank’s reached 100 per cent. of BPI’ share capital and BPI was de-listed. 
ESTABLISHMENT AND DOMICILE 
The Issuer is domiciled in Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal. The telephone number of 
the Issuer is +351 22 2075000. 
LEGAL FORM 
The Issuer is registered as a bank with the Bank of Portugal and operates under the legal name of “Banco 
BPI, S.A.”. The Issuer also operates under the commercial name of “BPI”. It is a limited liability company

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(“sociedade anónima”) under Portuguese law registered for an indefinite term in the Commercial Register 
of Porto, under no. 501 214 534 as at 23 October 1981. 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
ISSUER’S WEBSITE 
The Issuer’s website is www.bancobpi.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
OBJECT AND PURPOSE 
According to its constitutional documents (in particular to article 3 of the Issuer’s Memorandum and Articles 
of Association), the scope of the Issuer is to carry on banking business including any additional, related or 
similar operations compatible with the said business to the full extent permitted by law. The Issuer may also 
participate in partnership association agreements, complementary corporate conglomerates or European 
conglomerates of economic interest and may acquire, either originally or subsequently, shares or portions 
of capital in public limited companies and interests in unlimited liability companies of any object 
whatsoever and even if subject to special laws. 
SHAREHOLDER  
The Issuer’s sole shareholder as of 31 December 2022 is: 
Shareholder 
No. of shares held 
% of capital held 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
1 456 924 237 
100 per cent.  
Currently the Issuer has a set of internal procedures and regulations which define the functions of the 
Executive Committee of Board of Directors, of the Nominations, Evaluation and Remunerations 
Committee, of the Risk Committee, of the Audit and Internal Control Committee and of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee. These internal procedures and rules comply with applicable laws and regulations 
in force and governance best practices, namely in what concerns transactions with related parties and these 
measures implemented by the Issuer are also thought to avoid the major shareholder position’s abuse.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer’s business is focused on commercial banking in Portugal and is it organised around two main 
segments: (i) Individuals and businesses and (ii) Corporates and Institutions. 
Individuals and Small Businesses 
Individuals, Businesses, Premier and InTouch Banking is responsible for commercial initiatives with 
individual customers, entrepreneurs, and small businesses. The Branch network is geared towards mass-
market customers and small businesses. For the affluent customers – high net worth customers or customers 
with potential for wealth accumulation – the Issuer has a network of Financial Advisors working on Premier 
Centres or specific retail Branches, who provide specialised financial advisory services.  
In 2020, the Issuer opened its first InTouch Centre, offering a new commercial approach, where individual 
customers have at their disposal a dedicated Manager with whom they can communicate by telephone or by 
chat via BPI App, from anywhere and during extended hours.  
BPI's Private Banking, made up of a team of experts in Portugal and also comprising a 100 per cent. held 
subsidiary in Switzerland - BPI Suisse - provides discretionary management and financial advice specialist 
services to high net worth individual customers. 
Corporates and Institutional Clients  
Through a specialised network, Corporate and Institutional Banking serves companies and institutional 
customers, namely Public Sector and state-controlled organisations. The network includes two Real Estate 
Business Centres, which are designed to offer a more focused support to customers, developers and builders, 
involved in large residential real estate projects.  
Corporate and Investment Banking, manages the relationship with the largest Portuguese corporate groups, 
insurance companies and subsidiaries of the largest Spanish companies. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As of 31 December 2022 BPI's share capital amounted to €1,293,063,324.98 and was represented by 
1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value (all issued shares are fully paid).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
The following tables contain selected key financial information for the period ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (audited).  
Balance sheets as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 (Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
 
 
  
Notes 
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2022 
31-12-2021 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits 
8 
2.465.722 
6.245.822 
Financial assets held for trading  
9 
96.071 
103.838 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
73.509 
113.509 
Equity instruments 
  
67.806 
108.155 
Debt securities 
  
5.703 
5.354 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
11 
1.443.572 
1.666.764 
Equity instruments 
  
490.133 
431.389 
Debt securities 
  
953.439 
1.235.375 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
12 
33.752.722 
32.137.819 
Debt securities 
  
7.466.754 
6.845.126 
Loans and advances - Central Banks and other Credit Institutions 
  
819.149 
1.002.843 
Loans and advances - Customers 
  
25.466.819 
24.289.850 
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
13 
35.726 
25.174 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
13 
-111.400 
32.544 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
14 
268.579 
273.921 
Tangible assets 
15 
198.215 
209.224 
Intangible assets 
16 
108.393 
98.438 
Tax assets  
24 
183.731 
200.883 
Other assets  
17 
363.328 
265.277 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
18 
26.385 
5.098 
Total assets 
  
38.904.553 
41.378.311 
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
Financial liabilities held for trading 
9 
87.113 
103.937 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
19 
34.435.882 
37.200.614 
Deposits - Central Banks 
  
436.633 
4.823.269 
Deposits - Credit Institutions 
  
1.057.050 
1.002.995 
Deposits - Customers 
  
30.326.287 
28.872.140 
Debt securities issued 
  
2.339.450 
2.206.299 
     Memorandum items: subordinated liabilities 
  
431.285 
304.304 
Other financial liabilities  
  
276.462 
295.911 
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
13 
21.909 
15.859 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
13 
-151.089 
-1.664 
Provisions 
20 
49.079 
52.507

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Pending legal issues and tax litigation 
  
24.162 
34.116 
Commitments and guarantees given 
  
12.399 
18.093 
Other provisions 
  
12.518 
298 
Tax liabilities  
24 
125.068 
20.073 
Other liabilities  
21 
470.361 
319.471 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
18 
1.655 
0 
Total Liabilities 
  
35.039.978 
37.710.797 
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
  
  
  
Capital 
23 
1.293.063 
1.293.063 
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
23 
275.000 
275.000 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
23 
-330.362 
-370.076 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss 
  
-205.827 
-357.569 
Tangible assets 
  
703 
703 
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans 
  
-187.494 
-277.562 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associates 
  
157 
-242 
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
-19.193 
-80.468 
Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss 
  
-124.535 
-12.507 
Foreign currency translation 
  
-29.895 
-36.937 
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
-66.832 
10.882 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associates 
  
-27.808 
13.548 
Retained earnings 
23 
2.161.163 
2.053.377 
Other reserves  
23 
100.665 
109.327 
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent 
  
365.046 
306.823 
Total Equity 
  
3.864.575 
3.667.514 
Total Equity and Total Liabilities 
  
38.904.553 
41.378.311 
Statements of profit or loss for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021 (Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
  
Notes 
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2022 
31-12-2021 
Interest income 
26 
656.697 
507.988 
Interest expense 
26 
-97.303 
-47.523 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
  
559.394 
460.465 
Dividend income 
27 
91.489 
99.837 
Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates accounted for 
using the equity method 
14 
67.347 
47.762 
Fee and commission income 
28 
323.304 
308.185 
Fee and commission expenses 
28 
-27.560 
-20.011 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of financial assets & liabilities not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss, net 
29 
740 
223 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
29 
14.843 
5.420 
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net 
29 
-3.051 
-5.169

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net 
29 
-3.021 
-2.125 
Exchange differences [gain or (-) loss], net 
29 
28.147 
28.192 
Other operating income  
30 
28.132 
29.304 
Other operating expenses 
30 
-75.834 
-64.575 
GROSS INCOME 
  
1.003.930 
887.508 
Administrative expenses 
  
-399.261 
-396.475 
Staff expenses 
31 
-259.577 
-260.893 
Other administrative expenses 
32 
-139.684 
-135.582 
Depreciation 
  
-67.544 
-61.220 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
20 
-9.893 
-5.295 
Commitments and guarantees given 
  
5.694 
-1.580 
Other provisions 
  
-15.587 
-3.715 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
33 
-66.334 
-45.581 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
  
-66.334 
-45.581 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
14 
0 
-201 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
34 
904 
-904 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net 
  
39 
0 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net 
  
-773 
1 
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying 
as discontinued operations 
  
-283 
542 
Profit or (-) loss before tax from continuing operations 
  
460.785 
378.375 
Tax expenses or (-) income related to profit or loss from continuing operations 
24 
-95.739 
-71.552 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
  
365.046 
306.823 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
  
365.046 
306.823 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT 
37 
365.046 
306.823

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
The auditor’s reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 
December 2021 and on 31 December 2022 did not include any reserves. 
Please refer to the complete versions of the auditor’s reports included in the annual reports of the Issuer, 
together with the respective financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
INVESTMENTS  
There have been no material investments by the Issuer since 31 March 2023. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
The Issuer's governance model is structured in compliance with the Portuguese Companies Code as follows:  
• 
the company's management is entrusted to the Board of Directors which includes an Executive 
Committee to which the Board has delegated wide management powers for conducting the day-to-
day activity. Within the ambit of the Board of Directors, two specialist commissions function, 
composed exclusively of non-executive members: (i) the Risk Committee and (ii) the Nominations, 
Evaluation and Remuneration Committee. In September 2017, as foreseen in the corporate statues a 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was created.  
• 
the oversight functions are attributed to the Audit Committee (“Comissão de Auditoria”) – whose key 
terms of reference include supervising the management of the company, ensuring compliance with 
the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by the supervisory authorities, 
as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally, setting the terms of its 
coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed and the report to be carried 
out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit Committee's functions, 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risks Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee, verifying the adequacy of 
and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting practices adopted and any 
supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards, supervising the statutory audit of 
accounts, issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of 
Directors, supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial information, supervising the 
effectiveness of the internal control, internal, assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's 
independence, particularly when he or she provides additional services to the company, receiving 
communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted by 
shareholders, employees or others and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
• 
the General Shareholders’ Meeting, composed of all the shareholders of the Issuer, deliberates on the 
issues which are specifically attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association – including 
the election of the governing bodies, the approval of the directors' reports, the annual accounts, the 
distribution of profits, and capital increases –, as well as if so solicited by the Board of Directors, on 
matters dealing with the company's management. 
• 
the Company Secretary is appointed by the Board of Directors and performs the functions 
contemplated in the law and others attributed pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
MANAGEMENT 
The following is the last list of the members of the Board of Directors approved by the Sole Shareholder on 
30 November 2020 for the 2020/2022 term of office. The members of the Board of Directors indicated 
below remain in office until the election of the new Board of Directors for the 2023/2025 term of office 
which is currently pending the necessary approval from the supervisory authorities. 
The business address of each of the below-mentioned members of the Board of Directors is Banco BPI, 
S.A., Ed. Monumental, Av. Praia da Vitória, 71, 1050-053 Lisbon, Portugal.  
Board of Directors: 
Chairman: 
Fernando Ulrich 
Vice-President: 
António Lobo Xavier 
Chief Executive Officer João Oliveira e Costa 
Members: 
 
Non-executive member Cristina Rios Amorim 
Non-executive member Elsa Maria Roncon 
Executive member 
António Farinha Morais9 
 
 
9 Ceased functions as executive member on 26 April 2021, which fact was subject to registration on 15 May 2021.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Executive member 
Francisco Artur Matos 10 
Executive member 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-executive member Gonzalo Gortázar Rotaeche 
Executive member 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles11 
Non-executive member Javier Pano Riera 
Non-executive member Luís Vendrell Pi 
Non-executive member Manuel Ramos Sebastião 
Non-executive member Maria de Fátima Barros Bertoldi 
Non-executive member Natividad Pifarre 
Executive member 
Pedro Barreto 
Position in other companies of BPI Group  
Name 
Position 
Companies 
Pedro Barreto 
Non-executive Deputy-
Chairman  
BCI – Banco Comercial e de 
Investimentos, S.A. (35.67 per 
cent.) 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-Executive Director  
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. (14.98 per 
cent. indirectly) 
Relevant activities outside BPI Group  
 
 
10 Co-opted by the Board of Directors on 27 April 2021, who began his duties on 20 July with the obtaining of ECB’s authorization. 
11 Resigned from his position as member of the Board of Directors on 1 February 2023 and ceased his functions as director on 31 
March 2023.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Name 
Position 
Companies 
Fernando Ulrich 
Non-Executive Diretor 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
António Lobo Xavier  
Non-Executive Director 
NOS, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Fábrica Têxtil Riopele, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive Director 
BA Glass, Serviços de Gestão e 
Investimento, S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Têxtil Manuel Gonçalves, S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Mysticinvest – Holding S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Greenvolt 
– 
Energias 
Renováveis S.A. 
Membro 
do 
Conselho 
de 
Curadores da 
 
Partner 
Morais Leitão & Associados 
 
Member of Advisory Council 
 
Council of State Presidency of 
Portuguese Republic 
 
Member 
of 
“Conselho 
de 
Curadores” 
Fundação Belmiro de Azevedo 
João Oliveira Costa 
Not applicable* 
Not applicable* 
Cristina Rios Amorim 
Non-Executive Vice-president 
Amorim 
Investimentos 
e 
Participações, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Amorim, SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Executive Director and CFO 
Corticeira Amorim, SGPS, S.A. 
 
 
Board Member 
BCSD Portugal – Conselho 
Empresarial 
para 
o 
Desenvolvimento Sustentável 
Elsa Maria Roncon 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable* 
Francisco Artur Matos 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable* 
Francisco Manuel Barbeira 
Non-Executive Director  
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. 
Gonzalo Gortázar 
Chief Executive Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Chairman 
VidaCaixa 
Ignacio Alvarez-Rendueles  
Not applicable* 
Not applicable* 
Javier Pano 
Chief Financial Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive Director 
Cecabank, S.A. 
Luís Vendrell 
Corporate Manager M&A  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Manuel Ramos Sebastião 
Non-Executive Director 
President 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
REN SGPS SA 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Body 
IPCG – Instituto Português de 
Corporate Governane 
 
Chairman of the Board 
Ulisses 
Foundation 
(Lisbon 
MBA) 
 
Member of the Disciplinary 
Board 
Ordem dos Economistas

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Member of the Strategic Council  ISCAC – Instituto Superior de 
Contabilidade e Administração 
de Coimbra 
 
Member of the Audit Committee AiR351 
–Art 
in 
Residence 
Association  
Maria de Fátima Bertoldi 
Non-Executive Director 
Fundação Francisco Manuel dos 
Santos 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Brisa Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. 
 
Non-Executive 
Audit 
Committee Member 
Warta, 
Retail 
& 
Services 
Investments, BV 
Natividad Pifarre 
Head of Global Risk 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Vida Caixa, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
CaixaBank Wealth Management 
Luxembourg, S.A. 
Pedro Barreto 
Not applicable*  
Not applicable*  
Note: “Not applicable*” means no activities outside the BPI Group. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer by any of the 
members of either the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors in respect 
of their private interests and/or other duties. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Audit Committee performs the functions attributed to it by law, the Articles of Association and the 
Issuer's internal regulations. 
The following is a list of the members of the Audit Committee, designated by the sole Shareholder on 
November 30, 2020, for term of office 2020-2022:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Chairman: 
Manuel Ramos de Sousa Sebastião 
Members: 
António Lobo Xavier 
 
Elsa Maria Roncon Santos 
 
Fátima Barros 
 
Luis Vendrell 
Relevant activities of the members of the Audit Committee outside BPI Group  
Please see table above concerning the Board of Directors. 
The composition of the Audit Committee is deliberated upon by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the 
Issuer. The Audit Committee exercises its function for terms of three years. 
Besides any other competence set out in law or in the Bank's articles of association, the Audit Committee is 
responsible for: 
• 
supervising the management of the company; 
• 
ensuring compliance with the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by 
the supervisory authorities, as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally; 
• 
setting the terms of its coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed 
and the report to be carried out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit 
Committee's functions; 
• 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risks Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee; 
• 
verifying the adequacy of and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting 
practices adopted and any supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards; 
• 
supervising the statutory audit of accounts; 
• 
issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of Directors; 
• 
supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial information; 
• 
supervising the effectiveness of the internal control, internal;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
• 
assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's independence, particularly when he or she provides 
additional services to the company; 
• 
receiving communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted 
by shareholders, employees or others; 
• 
and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law. 
The Audit Committee meets every month. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between any duties vis-à-vis the Issuer of the 
members of the Audit Committee and their private interests or other duties. 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The term of office of the Statutory Auditor (“Revisor Oficial de Contas”) is of four years. CaixaBank as the 
sole shareholder elected on 15 April 2021 PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A. as the Statutory Auditor 
for the period of 2021-2024. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants 
(“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) with number 183, with registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1-3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, has designated José Manuel Henriques Bernardo and Cláudia 
Sofia Parente Gonçalves da Palma, to represent it for the period beginning in January 2021, who are also a 
members of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants.  
The alternate member is Ana Maria Ávila de Oliveira Lopes Bertão.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interest or duties.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT 
AND SERVICING OF THE COVER POOL  
THE RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 
The residential mortgage business is one of the most important segments in the credit activity of the Issuer, 
representing about 49 per cent. of the Issuer’s credit portfolio. The Issuer is an innovative bank and its offer 
of products and services is constantly updated in order to satisfy the client’s needs and achieve the market’s 
best practices. The Issuer pays special attention to the management of credit risk and its credit policy is 
constantly monitored against economic and market conditions. 
ORIGINATION 
The Issuer’s residential mortgage loans are originated through the branch network and mortgage credit 
intermediaries. The origination process can also start with a client simulation on BPI’s website or BPI App, 
which will be followed by a client service team contact, through phone or message, to help determine next 
steps that fit best for the client. 
LENDING CRITERIA 
Certain key features of the criteria applied prior to approval of any advance in respect of a mortgage loan to 
be comprised in the Cover Pool (the "Lending Criteria") are set out below. The Originator has the right to 
vary or waive the Lending Criteria from time to time in the manner of a reasonably prudent mortgage lender 
(a "Prudent Mortgage Lender") and the Originator may have waived or varied the Lending Criteria acting 
as a Prudent Mortgage Lender in respect of the mortgage loans to be comprised in the Cover Pool. Only 
underwriting staff expressly granted the authority to do so may approve applications for mortgage loans 
which vary from the Lending Criteria. 
The key features of the Lending Criteria applicable to mortgage loans are as follows: 
• 
Decision Criteria  
Credit risk analysis and approval is based on an assessment of the borrower’s probability of default after 
passing four types of filters: (i) basic filters (e.g.: age and loan maturity); (ii) having no credit in arrears in 
the national credit bureau; (iii) net income of household above monthly expenses (instalments, considering 
new operations and current expenses) and the ratio of total monthly instalments to disposable net income 
has to be below 50 per cent. (total monthly instalments of the loan under analysis are calculated with 3 per 
cent. added to interest rate, if new loan is floating rate); and (iv) the loan to value ratio (LTV) has to be 
below certain values defined according to the type of the loan (for permanent residence maximum LTV 
ratio is 85 per cent.).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
The decision criteria are based on the filters above and the respective probability of default of the proposal 
/ credit scoring. 
• 
Insurance Cover 
Life, disability and property insurance coverage is mandatory for all mortgage loans. Although uncommon 
among Portuguese banks, the Issuer requires the coverage of earthquake risk for all loans. Additional 
insurance coverage for unemployment risk, hospitalisation and coverage for delay in salary payment 
(“Seguro de Protecção de Crédito”) is optional. 
• 
Centralised Real Estate Evaluation  
All proposals are subject to an evaluation of the property carried out by an independent appraiser. The results 
are received by the central services, which also scrutinise the performance of the independent appraisers. 
• 
Decision Levels 
Branches may only approve credit proposals when all the lending criteria are fulfilled and the client loans 
exposure is under the upper limit of branches credentials; other credit proposals require independent risk 
analysis and decision from a central unit – DCR (“Direção de Crédito” - credit department). 
UNDERWRITING 
The residential mortgage loan proposals are prepared at branches or channeled to DCR when originated by 
credit intermediaries. 
All the information is registered in GPC (“Gestor de Propostas de Crédito” – credit underwriting system). 
GPC allows the customer to have a preliminary decision, taking into account the rules and criteria in place 
at the time the proposal is analysed. 
Once the proposal is pre-approved and the customer presents all required documents on income and identity, 
the branch verifies these documents and registers all the information in GPC. GPC automatically collects 
related credit information from the Bank of Portugal and the Issuer databases. All these elements allow the 
branches and DCR (if applicable) to verify the information previously provided by the customer. 
Once this stage is passed, the Issuer sends an independent appraiser to visit and evaluate the property. 
Results are received and verified centrally at DO-CHC (“Direção de Operações – Crédito Habitação 
Contratação” - operational department - mortgage loans). DO-CHC then checks all documents including 
valuation report and insurance application, in order to assure compliance with the existing rules and 
procedures. All additional information is registered in GPC and, if everything is in order, the customer then 
receives a letter with the final approval.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
After dealing with all the legal documents necessary for the contract, the client signs the contract and the 
Issuer (DO-CHC) verifies all the public registrations regarding property and mortgage. 
MORTGAGE PRODUCTS  
The Issuer offers fixed rate and floating rate (Euribor indexed) mortgage credit products. The maximum 
term is 40 years (considering maximum maturities of Banco de Portugal recommendations which set limits 
for customers with 30 or more years) and the maximum LTV ratio is 85 per cent. The average LTV ratio of 
the Issuer’s mortgage credit portfolio as of 31 December 2022 was 52.6 per cent12, the average amount by 
contract was €63.5 thousand and the average remaining term was 27.2 years. All mortgage loans, once fully 
drawn, must be repaid in monthly instalments of principal and interest and paid by direct debit to an account 
with the Issuer.  
COLLECTIONS AND ARREARS PROCEDURES 
All collections including delinquencies, defaults, write-offs, recoveries, and foreclosure are dealt with at a 
central level within the loan management system (ODS). 
ODS debits the customer account automatically. If there are not enough funds, the system will debit the 
amount available, with payment being made with the following priority: late payment fee, interest and 
principal. Simultaneously it is automatically reported to the commercial department responsible for the 
customer. While a payment is in arrears, this procedure will be repeated every day. 
For credits in arrears for less than 90 days, the process is conducted by the Branches (which have the 
responsibility for negotiating with Clients) with the support of External Collections Companies supervised 
by DREC (“Direção de Recuperação de Crédito” - credit recovery department) and of automatic letters. 
The branch network and DCR are responsible for the decision on negotiation and restructuring of credit. 
There are legal procedures in place targeted to prevent and recover recent defaults, which protect the 
customer (PARI (“plano de ação para o risco de incumprimento” - action plan for the risk of default) and 
PERSI (“procedimento extrajudicial de regularização de situações de incumprimento” - extrajudicial 
procedure for the regularization of situations of default). 
For credits in arrears for more than 90 days, the process is conducted by the Individuals Recovery Team of 
DREC (which has the responsibility of negotiating with clients); the transmission of responsibility for the 
recovery of credit from the branches to DREC is automatic and compulsory; after the credits are resolved 
 
 
12 As of 31 December 2020

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
or written-off, the process is conducted by the Judicial Recovery Team of DREC. If all the efforts for solving 
the situation prove unsuccessful after 240 days, the execution request is delivered to court and the loan is 
accounted in "credits under legal action". During all the phases of the recovery process, the Issuer never 
stops the negotiation efforts in order to reach an extrajudicial agreement.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS  
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese law. The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that 
the Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only of assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that 
the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by secondary legislation issued by the Regulatory Notices, 
which comprises both regulatory notices (Avisos) and instructions (Instruções). The Regulatory Notices 
address matters such as the segregation of cover pool assets from the insolvent estate of the issuer in the 
event of insolvency, the compliance with asset and liability matching requirements and the methodology for 
valuation of mortgages and properties. 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette.  
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May, BPI as issuer of covered 
bonds applied to CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds programme, 
under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. CMVM has authorised such conversion and, as such all outstanding covered bonds of BPI issued 
under the Covered Bonds Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Covered bonds may only be issued by credit institutions (“Credit Institutions”). 
A Credit Institution must manage its cover pool as well as any properties that it may acquire as a result of 
the enforcement of delinquent mortgage credits. Credit Institutions may also obtain additional liquidity. 
The cover assets, including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and collateral in connection 
with derivative contracts shall secure the repayment of the covered bonds, the payment of interest, and the 
payments to counterparties of derivative contracts. 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of a Credit Institution, the cover pool over which the 
holders of covered bonds have a special creditor privilege including the principal and any accrued and future 
interest in relation to the cover assets will be segregated from the insolvent estate of such Credit Institution

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
and will form an autonomous estate not being liable for any debts of the issuing Credit Institution until any 
outstanding amounts payable to the covered bond holders and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully 
paid, even in the event of liquidation of the issuing Credit Institution.  
In the event of liquidation of the issuing Credit Institution, any assets comprised in the cover pool, as well 
as interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in connection with derivative contracts shall be 
segregated from the insolvency estate, to be autonomously managed until all amounts payable to the covered 
bondholders and counterparties of derivative contracts have been fully paid. In this respect, the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds establishes a special regime which prevails over general Portuguese insolvency 
regulations.  
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of the 
insolvent Credit Institution, the holders of covered bonds will also rank pari passu with unsecured creditors 
of the Credit Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent Credit Institution. COVER ASSETS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out the type of assets that are eligible to collateralise issues of 
covered bonds made by a Credit Institution. For further information regarding the eligible types of assets, 
please see the section “Issuer Required to Maintain Cover Pool” in the chapter entitled “Characteristics of 
the Cover Pool”. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, provided they meet certain 
legal requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in Article 129 of the CRR.  
The Regulatory Notices contain certain rules governing the limits and conditions for the use of these hedging 
contracts. 
For further details on the abovementioned requirements, see the section “Hedging Contracts” in the chapter 
entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Credit Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide, to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, a Credit Institution is required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to maintain a register, 
in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution, of all the assets comprised in the cover pool, including 
hedging contracts.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
VALUATION AND LTV CRITERIA 
Credit Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with Articles 129 and 208 of the CRR and Regulatory Notice 5/2006, which 
establishes rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of the properties. 
In accordance with Article 129(1) of the CRR, the maximum loan to value ratio for residential mortgages is 
80 per cent. and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans (which, in the case of commercial mortgages 
loans, may be increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). 
The loan to value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis, (ii) determine the portion of the loan 
contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond and (iii) apply throughout the entire 
maturity of the loan. 
In accordance with Article 2(1) of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the value of each property securing a mortgage 
credit comprised in a cover pool corresponds to the commercial value of such property, determined in 
accordance with a criteria of prudence and taking into consideration: (i) the sustainable long term 
characteristics of such property, (ii) the standard conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the 
relevant property and (iv) any alternative uses of each such property. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Article 2(2) of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded 
by an issuer of covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool 
may not be higher than the market value of the relevant properties. For these purposes, the market value of 
each property corresponds to the price for which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser 
on the date of the valuation of such property, assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the 
market conditions allow for a regular transfer of the property and (iii) there is a normal period of time to 
negotiate the corresponding purchase and sale, considering the nature of the property. 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage 
credits included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency for such 
valuations, the appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and transitional 
provisions concerning valuations made prior to the enactment of the Regulatory Notices. 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes, as nominal principle coverage requirement, that the 
calculation of the coverage requirement shall be made in accordance with the nominal principle and ensures 
that the total aggregate principal amount of all cover assets is at least equal to or greater than the aggregate

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
principal amount of the unpaid covered bonds (i.e., 100 per cent. coverage of the liabilities shall be fully 
secured by cover assets). 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining financial 
and prudential requirements, the liabilities of the covered bonds shall include, namely: 
(a) 
the obligations for the payment of the principal amount of issued covered bonds; 
(b) 
the obligations for payment of any interest arising from the outstanding covered bonds;  
(c) 
the payment obligations arising from derivative contracts comprised in the cover pool; and 
(d) 
the expected costs related to maintenance and administration for the liquidation of the relevant 
programme. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Credit Institution must 
use the exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
If the limits and requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds are exceeded, the issuer 
is required to remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new primary or substitution assets, with or 
without replacing any assets already attached to the covered bonds, (ii) amortising outstanding covered 
bonds in the sufficient amount to remedy the breach and/or (iii) allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity 
buffer. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Credit Institution and, if necessary to comply 
with the prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory 
Notices, substituted by new primary or substitution assets.  
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Credit Institution 
allocates new primary or substitution assets sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and 
prudential requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Credit Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with 
CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Credit Institution of the financial and 
prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Pursuant to Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the independent auditor is required to prepare 
and issue an annual report on the fulfilment of the applicable legal and regulatory requirements set out in 
said article. 
A common representative of the holders of the covered bonds, who will be common to all issues of covered 
bonds, must also be appointed by the Credit Institution in order to represent the interests of the holders of 
covered bonds. 
The ECB and CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision, respectively.  
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation and insolvency of Credit Institutions 
The cover assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Credit Institution to the issues of covered bonds, 
including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and security relating to derivate contracts, 
will permanently remain and be registered in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution. 
In the event of default in payment of interest or principal on the covered bonds, and in case the holders of 
such covered bonds decide to accelerate the relevant covered bonds, holders of such covered bonds, or the 
common representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the cover pool 
allocated to the relevant covered bonds, in accordance with terms to be defined by regulation from CMVM. 
For further information regarding the impacts of insolvency of the Issuer, please refer to the chapter entitled 
“Insolvency of the Issuer”. 
The segregation of the cover assets applies in the event of liquidation or resolution of the Credit Institution 
and as such, any assets comprised in the cover pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any 
collateral in connection with derivative contracts will form an autonomous estate over which the holders of 
the covered bonds will have a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório). 
For further information regarding the segregated register, please refer to the chapter entitled 
“Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor 
privilege over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other creditors, for the purpose of 
redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant covered bonds.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any 
real estate preferential claims. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest and 
principal under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with unsecured 
creditors of the relevant Credit Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Credit Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the 
relevant counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege over such cover pool. 
Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered bonds and, 
consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Credit Institution. 
In particular, the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds, (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the Credit Institution 
issuing the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the principal and 
any accrued and future interest and (c) in the case of the insolvency of the Credit Institution issuing the 
covered bonds and in the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a common 
claim against the insolvency estate of that Credit Institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the 
Credit Institution’s ordinary unsecured creditors of the Credit Institution. It is further specified that the 
entitlements under (a) to (c) above are limited to the total payment obligations under the covered bonds and 
that the above dual recourse and special creditor privilege also applies in case of maturity extension of those 
covered bonds subject to automatic extendable maturity, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of a Credit 
Institution, a meeting of holders of all Series of covered bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 
majority vote, to accelerate the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the 
settlement of the estate allocated to the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and in the relevant terms and conditions that govern such issue. 
Maturity Extension 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, Credit Institutions may issue covered bonds with an 
automatic extendable maturity structure when:  
(a) 
the non-discretionary extension requirements are specified in the terms and conditions of the issue 
applicable to the covered bonds; 
(b) 
the information provided to holders of covered bonds relating to covered bonds with such automatic 
extendable maturity structure is sufficient to perceive the respective risk, including:

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(i) 
the operation of the maturity extension; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the liquidation or resolution of the relevant 
Credit Institution; and 
(iii) 
CMVM’s duties in relation to the maturity extension; 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the covered bonds is determinable at all times; and 
(d) 
in the event of liquidation or resolution of the relevant Credit Institution, maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of holders of covered bonds or invert the sequencing of the relevant covered bond 
programme’s original maturity schedule. 
In addition, the maturity of the covered bonds can only be extended based on the following: 
(a) 
revocation of the authorisation of the relevant Credit Institution; or 
(b) 
foreseeable or actual failure to pay the principal or interest amounts of the covered bonds due at the 
initial maturity date, that is not remediable within an established period of time in the terms of the relevant 
issue or the covered bond programme, not exceeding 10 Business Days. 
In order to be able to extend the maturity of covered bonds, the Credit Institution shall notify CMVM of the 
referred extension together with the relevant reasons for such extension (i) no less than 10 calendar days 
prior to the effective date or (ii) as soon as possible, if the occurrence of the reason for the extension or the 
time it becomes known does not allow the Credit Institution to respect the 10 calendar days deadline. 
CMVM shall oppose the maturity extension within 10 calendar days from receipt of such notice from the 
Credit Institution referred to above, when it considers that the requirements for the extension of the maturity 
are not fulfilled. 
If, prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds will be automatically extended, CMVM has timely and 
duly decided to oppose to such extension, the extension to an extended maturity date will not apply; 
otherwise, such extension will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Credit Institution communicates to CMVM a possible extension with less 
than 10 calendar days in advance of the effective date and, if at the date on which the Covered Bonds should 
automatically be extended to the Extended Maturity Date, CMVM has not yet resolved on its opposition, 
the Covered Bonds will be extended to the Extended Maturity Date; if, thereafter CMVM opposes to such 
extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to apply.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Harmonisation OF the EU Covered Bond Framework 
The CBD was published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 
2020, establishing a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes 
and has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May, which 
entered into force on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May, BPI as issuer of covered 
bonds applied to CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds programme, 
under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, and submitted the application to CMVM together with the adjusted programme documentation and 
other applicable supporting documents and information. CMVM has authorised such conversion and, as 
such the covered bonds issued under the Programme are compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and subject to the same.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Covered Bonds. Notably, the following general 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Covered Bonds, including the effect 
of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are, or deemed to be, 
residents.  
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as investment income 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Covered Bonds not held through a centralised control system  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to individual tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made 
available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive income tax rates of up to 48 per cent.. In the latter circumstance an additional income 
tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
In the case of zero coupon Covered Bonds, the difference between the redemption value and the subscription 
cost is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax.  
Capital gains taxation of 28 per cent., applicable to Portuguese resident individuals, will apply on the 
positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer of the Covered 
Bonds, unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive 
rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax will be due on the part of the 
taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
€250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as investment income, rather than as capital gains for tax purposes.  
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of 
shares and other securities is mandatorily aggregated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been 
held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains 
and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR 78,834. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Covered Bonds and capital gains realised with the 
transfer of Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal 
persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable to are 
included in their taxable income and are, as a general rule, subject to (i) a 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer 
is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. 
for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a 
municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. on their taxable profits. A State Surcharge 
(“derrama estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 
up to €7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
and taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. rate.  
Withholding tax on interest and other investment income at a rate of 25 per cent. applies, which is deemed 
a payment on account of the final tax due.  
Portuguese financial institutions, pension funds, collective investment undertakings, retirement and/or 
education savings funds, share savings funds, venture capital funds incorporated under the laws in Portugal 
and some exempt entities are not subject to withholding tax.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following.  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals is subject to withholding 
tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non-
resident in Portugal without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes were 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) 6403/2021, of the Portuguese Minister of State and Finance, published in 
the 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 125, of 21 June, which may be available at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.  
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”).  
Under domestic law, the responsibility to withhold taxes arising from interest payments of the Covered 
Bonds issued by resident entities for tax purposes belong to the registry or depositary entity, as the case may 
be. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation 
unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, 
of 13 February, as amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de 
tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
entitled to said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate and should be declared in the 
Portuguese annual tax return to be presented by the seller. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains 
for tax purposes. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, Portugal is usually not allowed to tax such 
gains, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in 
Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable 
to are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident entity is 
more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner 
is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the 
“low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as 
amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis). This 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following 
cumulative requirements are met by the seller: (i) the seller is an entity resident in the European Union or 
in a EEA State which is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation agreement 
in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the 
EU Member States or in any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees the 
exchange of information; (ii) such entity is subject and not exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of the 
Council Directive 2011/96/EU, of 30 November 2011, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 
60 per cent. of the Portuguese corporate income tax rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital 
or voting rights regarding the entity subject to disposal for at least one year uninterruptedly; and (iv) is not 
intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements that have been put into place 
for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage. Although the 
abovementioned cumulative requirements are in full force and effect since 31 March 2016 and apply to 
securities in general, the law is not clear on the application thereof for holders of debt representative 
securities, as some of the alluded requirements appear not to apply to debt representative securities. If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income 
tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.  
Stamp tax at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Covered Bonds 
by an individual who is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse, de 
facto spouse, descendants and parents/grandparents. The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or 
inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or a non-resident acting through a Portuguese permanent 
establishment, as a general rule, is subject to a (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
enterprise as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up 
to €50,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(“derrama municipal”) of up to 1,5 per cent. over their taxable profits. A State Surcharge (“derrama 
estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, and 
taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. rate. No stamp tax applies to the 
acquisition through gift and inheritance of Covered Bonds by an individual who is not domiciled in Portugal. 
The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to 
corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are 
usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.  
There is no wealth or estate tax in Portugal on the Covered Bonds.  
Covered Bonds held through a centralised control system 
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital gains 
on Covered Bonds and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Bonds.  
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-law 193/2005, 
investment income and capital gains on the disposal of debt securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, 
such as the Covered Bonds obtained by non-resident beneficial owners, are exempt from Portuguese income 
tax provided that (i) the debt securities are integrated in a centralised system managed by an entity resident 
in Portugal or by an international clearing system managing entity of a member state of the European Union 
or of the EEA (in this case, the member state of the EEA should be subject to administrative cooperation in 
tax issues similar to the administrative cooperation agreement in force between EU countries), and (ii) the 
beneficial owners are:  
(i) central banks or governmental agencies; or  
(ii) international organisations recognised by the Portuguese State; or  
(iii) entities with residency in countries with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force; or  
(iv) other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in 
a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low 
tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be 
followed on the evidence of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the bonds to which it applies. Under 
these rules, the direct register entity (i.e. the entity affiliated to the centralised system where the securities 
are integrated), as the entity holding the relevant account with the relevant centralised system in which the 
Covered Bonds are integrated, will be under the obligation to obtain and keep proof, in the form described 
below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, 
the evidence of non-residence status should be provided to, and received by, the direct registration entities 
prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for zero coupon Covered 
Bonds), and prior to the transfer of Covered Bonds date, as the case may be. The relevant direct registering 
entity shall withhold the relevant tax if the requirements for a withholding tax exemption are not met.  
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus.  
(a) Domestically Cleared Covered Bonds  
The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below.  
(i) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a central bank, an international organisation or a public 
law institution integrated in the Public Administration (either central, regional, peripheral, indirect 
or autonomous), a declaration of tax residence issued by the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds 
itself, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to (iv) below;  
(ii) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension 
fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision regime 
or administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds and its 
domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iii) If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has 
entered into a double tax treaty, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following 
documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, the law of incorporation and 
domicile; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iv) In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document specifically issued 
by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only 
indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency 
permit) is not acceptable.  
There are rules regarding the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, 
in particular that the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide an original or a certified copy of the 
residence certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the 
date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3 year period starting on 
the date such document is produced. The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must inform the register entity 
immediately of any change on the requirement conditions that may prevent the tax exemption to apply.  
When the Covered Bonds are held by central banks, governmental agencies, investment funds or other type 
of collective investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country, the respective proof of non-residence 
in Portuguese territory is provided just once, its periodical renewal not being necessary.  
(b) Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds  
If the Covered Bonds are held through a centralised system recognised under the Portuguese Securities Code 
and complementary legislation, and registered in an account with an international clearing system under the 
terms foreseen in Decree-Law 193/2005 (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the identification 
and amount of securities, as well as the amount of income, and, if applicable, the amount of withheld tax, 
shall be communicated (as mentioned below) and the beneficiaries shall be identified under one of the 
following categories:  
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to 
tax withholding; 
(ii) 
Entities with residence in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (“Portaria”)

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e 
regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”). 
(iii) Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to 
which the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to 
tax withholdings; 
(iv) Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income would be attributable. 
On each interest payment date, the following information with respect of each one of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) should be communicated: 
(i) 
Name and address; 
(ii) 
Tax identification number (if available); 
(iii) 
Identification and amount of securities held; 
(iv) 
Amount of income. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity shall send the above information to the direct 
register entity, or its representatives, and should send the information regarding all accounts under its 
management.  
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 
if the above rules and procedures are not complied with. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions 
shall apply as described above.  
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 
193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Covered Bonds 
within 6 months from the date the withholding took place. A special tax form for these purposes was 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) 2937/2014, of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published 
in 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 37, of 21 February, which may be available at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed to 
the Portuguese tax authorities under the general procedures and within a 2 years period after the end of the 
year where the income was obtained.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Automatic exchange of tax information 
The automatic exchange of information regime to be implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, of 
15 February (the “Council Directive 2011/16/EU”) on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
(as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December (the “Council Directive 2014/107/EU”)) 
is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014. 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU was transposed to Portuguese national law, on October 2016, by Decree-
Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October (“Portuguese CRS Law”), which amended Decree-Law no. 61/2013, of 
10 May, which transposed Council Directive 2011/16/EU. The Portuguese CRS Law and Decree-Law no. 
61/2013, have been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August. 
Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report 
such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant 
Tax Authorities of EU Member States or States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to 
the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. 
The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the 
account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account 
during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise 
as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law no. 
98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 all information regarding the registration 
of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as 
amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as 
amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Portugal has also implemented, through Law no. 82-B/2014, of 31 December, the legal framework based 
on reciprocal exchange of information on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with 
FATCA. In addition, Portugal has signed the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) with the US on 6 August 
2015. The IGA has entered into force in 10 August 2016, and through the Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 
October, amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, Portuguese government approved the complementary 
regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the referred legislation the Issuer is required to obtain 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, 
which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. In view of the abovementioned regime, all 
information regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the 
reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by the Ministry of Finance through 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-A/2016, of 2 December, amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
169/2017, of 25 May.  
Covered Bonds may be subject to Financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The EC has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope of 
any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of 
Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS  
The Dealer has in the Programme Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it may from time 
to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Covered Bonds and Clearing 
Systems” and “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by it in connection therewith. 
The following restrictions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are 
initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered 
Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to any Covered Bonds, and that it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, 
it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or notice 
to substantially the following effect:  
“The Covered Bonds covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds and except 
in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. Terms used above 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (as amended, “MiFID II”); or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as amended from time to time), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA the Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are subject to the offering and listing 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
that Member State of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that 
Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
at any time to legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds in 
any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC.United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified 
as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer agrees that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealer represents that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with the Dealer or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds whereby the Dealer may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid and 
offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote 
bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the 
relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the 
relevant agreement. Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such 
agreements. A description of the main terms of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the 
relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law was duly authorised by 
(i) resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 13 December 2007, renewed by resolutions of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 January 2017 and 25 January 2019 and (ii) the Programme has 
been subsequently updated by duly authorisations of the Issuer relevant management body. The Issuer 
applied to the CMVM to convert its existing covered bonds programme to a covered bonds programme 
compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer dated 29 March 2023. The CMVM authorised such conversion on 21 June 2023.  
Listing 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to Euronext for the 
admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on the regulated market Euronext 
Lisbon. 
Interbolsa 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for settlement through Interbolsa. The appropriate common code 
(if applicable) and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been (A) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and (B) no significant change 
in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and BPI Group since the publication of the Issuer’s 
2022 Report (Audited consolidated financial statements) as of 31 December 2022.  
Litigation  
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority (“PCA”), under the powers legally attributed to it, opened 
administrative infraction proceedings against 15 banks operating in the Portuguese market, including the 
Issuer, due to alleged competition restrictive practices. On 1 June 2015, the Issuer was served the statement 
of objections, where it was accused of breaching the rules on competition.  
On 27 September 2017, the Issuer presented its defence. During the process, and whenever appropriate, the 
Issuer appealed against several interlocutory rulings issued by the Competition Authority, which the Issuer 
considered as susceptible of violating its rights.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
On 9 September 2019, the Issuer was notified of PCA’s decision which concluded that (i) the Issuer and 
other Portuguese banks had engaged in an exchange of information regarding past credit volumes and 
regarding spreads that were due to be publicly disclosed and enter into force in a matter of days and (ii) that 
such conduct should be considered as an infringement by object. As a result, PCA decided to impose fines 
to all banks involved. The fine imposed on BPI was of 30 million euros.  
The Issuer appealed on October 2019 this decision to the Competition Court (Tribunal de Concorrência, 
Regulação e Supervisão) (appeal lodged with the Court of First Instance) as it considers that has it has not 
committed the infringements attributed to it by the PCA and that therefore there should be no grounds for a 
conviction. As it shows in its appeal, the Issuer considers that (a) not only the alleged exchange of 
information did not occur as it is described by PCA (b) but also that (i) the exchange of information did not 
meet the conditions to be considered apt to result in negative effects to competition (ii) and it did not 
effectively caused any negative competitive effects, namely, it did not harm consumers. Although trusting 
that its position will prevail, the Issuer cannot predict the outcome of this appeal. 
Together with the appeal, the Issuer requested a suspension of PCA decision’s effects until a final court 
decision is reached on the case. The Competition Court determined that a guarantee in an amount equal to 
50% of the fine should be provided by the parties in order to obtain such suspension (Court’s decision to 
require a guarantee in order to agree on the suspension and the definition of its amount are decisions of a 
procedural nature only and, as such, do not carry or by any other means convey any indication of the Courts 
about how it will decide on the appeal).  
On December 2020, BPI presented to the Court a bank guarantee in an amount corresponding to half of the 
amount of the fine imposed by the appealed decision. This bank guarantee was accepted by the Court and, 
as a result, the decision’s effects are now suspended until a final court decision is reached on the case. 
Appeal’s hearing started in September 2021 and lasted until April 2022 and the Court announced it would 
issue a decision by the end of April 2022. On April 28, 2022, Court issued a decision whereby it decided on 
the facts it considered as having been proven, but decided to suspend the instance and, once it considered it 
as necessary to enable it to give judgment, requested the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) 
to give a ruling on whether such facts represent an infringement of the applicable European competition 
law. 
Applicable legal procedure with the CJEU is currently taking place (CJEU has not accepted the accelerated 
procedure request presented by the Portuguese Court), it being difficult to anticipate when CJEU will issue 
a ruling (probably in the second half 2023);

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
According to applicable European applicable law, CJEU’s ruling shall be binding to the Portuguese Court 
(which shall then give judgement). 
Save as disclose above, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Ratings Information  
The ratings assigned to the Issuer from time to time are available for consultation at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp?riIdArea=AreaDivida&riChgLng=1&riLang=en&riId=IRatings&riIdTo
po. The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody's España, BBB/F2 with stable outlook by Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P.  
Pursuant to Moody’s España rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that 
“obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics”. The modifier “1” indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of this generic rating category and “stable outlook” indicates the likely direction of the rating over the 
medium term. 
Pursuant to Fitch’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that “BBB ratings 
indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair 
this capacity”. “Stable outlook” indicates the rating is unlikely to move over a one- to two-year period. 
Pursuant to Standard & Poor’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that “an 
obligor rated BBB+ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments”. “Stable outlook” indicates that the rating is not likely to change over the intermediate term 
(typically six months to two years). 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection at https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp:

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (which will also be available on the website of BPI 
(https://www.bancobpi.pt/en/bpi-group/investor-relations/mortgage-covered-bond-programme); 
(b) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
BPI 
(https://rep.bancobpi.pt/RepMultimedia/getMultimedia.asp?channel=Multimedia%20-%20RI%20-
%20Informa%E7%E3o%20Obrig%20Investidores&content=Estatutos_Contrato_BancoBPI_PT); 
(c) 
The 
first 
quarter 
2023 
consolidated 
results 
earnings 
presentation 
(unaudited) 
(https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.E2C9E097-1AA3-42A3-B7F9-
9F2B158C48DB.1.pt.asp?id=39B818E5-CAA5-4A32-9E6F-397357CB6695); 
(d) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of BPI and Auditors' reports contained in BPI's Annual 
Report in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 (available att: 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=050A16EC-D845-4486-9CB3-FE956584E2F5);  
(e) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of BPI and Auditors' reports contained in BPI's Annual 
Report in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 (available at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/storage/download/ficheiro.54C95FF4-1295-42C6-A4F3-
BBC3C15A35F2.1.pt.asp?id=CD021EFC-01E9-43A1-BCC3-276C89B3FD0C); 
(f) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(g) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures; 
(h) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement; 
(i) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other 
than the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;  
(j) 
any relevant Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Covered Bonds and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity); and 
in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the relevant 
subscription agreement (or equivalent document).

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, any supplements and any relevant Final Terms are available on the official 
CMVM's website (www.cmvm.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its publication.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Post-issuance reporting 
Any information which the Issuer is required by law or regulation to provide in relation to itself or securities issued by it, including the Covered Bonds, 
will be made available at www.cmvm.pt.  
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds (Covered Bonds (HTT) – Investor Report), including information on 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
and 
the 
applicable 
Overcollateralisation 
Percentage. 
Such 
reports 
are 
available 
at 
https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp?riIdArea=AreaDivida&riId=ProgramaEmissoesOH2. 
The following information could be found on the March 2023 Investor Report: 
 
1. Current Credit 
Ratings 
  
Long Term 
Short Term 
Banco BPI Mortgage Covered 
Bond Programme  
Aa2 / AA (low) (Moody's / DBRS) 
n/a 
Banco BPI 
 
Baa2 / BBB+ / BBB (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
P-2 / A-2 / F2 (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
Portugal 
  
Baa2 / BBB+ / BBB+ / AL (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / 
DBRS) 
P-2 / A-2 / F1 / R-1L (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / DBRS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Covered Bonds 
  
Issue Date 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Soft Bullet Date1 
Remaining Term 
(years) 
Nominal Amount 
(EUR) 
Covered Bonds 
Outstanding 
  
  
  
  
  
2,88 
7.000.000.000,00 
  
 
 
 
 
 
7.000.000.000,00

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Series 9 (ISIN 
PTBBP6OE0023) 
 
21/05/2010 
Floating 
21/05/2025 
21/05/2026 
2,14 
350.000.000,00 
Series 14 (ISIN 
PTBBRROE0048) 
 
30/03/2015 
Floating 
31/03/2025 
30/03/2026 
2,00 
1.250.000.000,00 
Series 16 (ISIN 
PTBBP7OE0022) 
 
30/05/2016 
Floating 
30/05/2023 
30/05/2024 
0,16 
500.000.000,00 
Series 17 (ISIN 
PTBBBGOE0023) 
 
22/02/2017 
Floating 
22/02/2024 
24/02/2025 
0,90 
700.000.000,00 
Series 20 (ISIN 
PTBPIYOM0028) 
 
26/09/2018 
Floating 
26/09/2025 
26/09/2026 
2,49 
250.000.000,00 
Series 22 (ISIN 
PTBPIAOM0026) 
 
22/03/2019 
Fixed 
22/03/2024 
22/03/2025 
0,98 
500.000.000,00 
Series 23 (ISIN 
PTBPIHOM0037) 
 
20/12/2019 
Floating 
20/12/2024 
20/12/2025 
1,72 
1.400.000.000,00 
Series 24 (ISIN 
PTBPIMOM0022) 
 
08/06/2022 
Floating 
08/06/2029 
08/06/2030 
6,19 
2.050.000.000,00 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
CRD Compliant (yes/no)   
  
  
  
  
  
Yes 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Asset Cover Test 
  
  
  
  
  
Remaining Term 
(years) 
Nominal Amount 
(EUR) 
Mortgage Credit Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
13,99 
8.542.920.264,13 
Other Assets2 (cash, deposits 
and securities) 
 
 
 
 
5,50 
191.264.908,36

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Cash and depositsa 
 
 
 
 
 
0,01 
52.564.908,36 
RMBS 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00 
0,00 
Other securities 
 
 
 
 
 
7,58 
138.700.000,00 
Total Cover Pool 
 
 
 
 
 
13,81 
8.734.185.172,49 
% of ECB eligible assets 
  
  
  
  
  
13,89 
99,40% 
Current 
overcollateralisation3 
(%) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
24,77% 
Committed 
overcollateralisation (%)   
  
  
  
  
  
14,00% 
Required overcollateralisation 
(Moody's) (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
1,50% 
Legal 
minimum 
overcollateralisation (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
5,26% 
aIncludes 
the 
Liquidity 
Cushion amount (see section 
8) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Other Triggers 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives)4 
 
 
 
 
 
9.683.009.168,33  
Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives)4 
 
 
 
 
 
8.041.091.854,85

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of 
Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 
 
 
 
OK  
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. 
derivatives) >=0 (stress of +200 bps) 
 
 
OK  
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. 
derivatives) >=0 (stress of -200 bps) 
 
 
OK  
Other Assets <= 20% (Credit Pool + Other Assets) 
 
 
 
 
 
OK  
Deposits with a remaining term > 100 days <= 15% Covered 
Bonds Nominal 
 
 
 
 
OK  
Estimated Interest from Mortgage Credit and Other Assets - Estimated 
Interest from Covered Bonds >= 0  
 
 
 
OK  
Mortgage Credit + Other Assets WA Remaining Term - Covered 
Bonds WA Remaining Term >= 0  
  
  
  
OK  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
5. Currency Exposure 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cover Pool includes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Assets in a currency different than Euro (yes/no) 
  
 
 
 
No  
Liabilities in a currency different than Euro (yes/no) 
  
 
 
 
No  
Cross currency swaps (yes/no) 
  
 
 
 
 
No  
Currency Exposure Detail 
  
  
  
  
  
  
n/a

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
6. Mortgage Credit Pool 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Main Characteristics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Number of loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
165.027  
Original principal balance (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13.111.063.399,64  
Current principal balance (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8.542.920.264,13  
Average original principal balance per loan (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
79.447,99  
Average current principal balance per loan (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
51.766,80  
Current principal balance of the 5 largest borrowers (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
7.495.138,41  
Weight of the 5 largest borrowers (current principal balance) (%) 
 
 
 
 
0,09%  
Current principal balance of the 10 largest borrowers (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
12.607.292,65  
Weight of the 10 largest borrowers (current principal balance) (%) 
 
 
 
 
0,15%  
Weighted average seasoning (months) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115,10  
Weighted average remaining term (months) 
 
 
 
 
 
294,10  
Weighted average life (months) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
167,93  
Weighted average current unindexed LTV5 (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
53,43%  
Weighted average interest rate (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,10%  
Weighted average spread (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,14%  
Max maturity date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30/03/2071  
Subsidized Loans 
    
  
Number of Loans 
Number of Loans (%) 
Loan Amount (EUR) 
Loan Amount (%)

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Yes 
  
 
16.273 
9,86% 
427.578.511,41 
5,01% 
 
No 
  
 
148.754 
90,14% 
8.115.341.752,72 
94,99% 
 
 
Insured Property6 
    
Number of Loans 
Number of Loans (%) 
Loan Amount (EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Yes 
 
 
165.027 
100,00% 
8.542.920.264,13 
100,00% 
 
No 
 
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00% 
 
Interest Rate Type 
  
  
  
Number of Loans 
Number of Loans (%) 
Loan Amount (EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Fixed 
 
11.725 
7,10% 
867.092.272,68 
10,15% 
 
Floating 
 
153.302 
92,90% 
7.675.827.991,45 
89,85% 
 
Repayment Type 
  
    Number of Loans Number of Loans (%) 
Loan Amount (EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Annuity / French  
 
 
143.668 
87,06% 
7.265.010.773,78 
85,04% 
 
Increasing instalments  
 
19.762 
11,98% 
1.154.130.940,15 
13,51% 
 
Interest-only  
 
1.088 
0,66% 
98.507.941,54 
1,15% 
 
Other  
  
   
509 
0,31% 
25.270.608,66 
0,30% 
 
 
 
6. Mortgage Credit 
Pool (continued) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Seasoning 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%)

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Up to 1 year 
 
 
 
2.981 
1,81% 
304.154.728,76 
3,56% 
 
1 to 2 years 
 
 
 
8.094 
4,90% 
814.475.180,78 
9,53% 
 
2 to 3 years 
 
 
 
8.060 
4,88% 
788.476.616,39 
9,23% 
 
3 to 4 years 
 
 
 
8.363 
5,07% 
758.670.813,45 
8,88% 
 
4 to 5 years 
 
 
 
6.371 
3,86% 
514.803.831,94 
6,03% 
 
5 to 6 years 
 
 
 
6.456 
3,91% 
484.427.794,22 
5,67% 
 
6 to 7 years 
 
 
 
5.466 
3,31% 
373.387.709,90 
4,37% 
 
7 to 8 years 
 
 
 
3.810 
2,31% 
259.195.581,41 
3,03% 
 
8 to 9 years 
 
 
 
2.026 
1,23% 
119.243.996,87 
1,40% 
 
9 to 10 years 
 
 
 
1.800 
1,09% 
102.514.801,95 
1,20% 
 
10 to 11 years 
 
 
 
1.869 
1,13% 
101.180.654,14 
1,18% 
 
11 to 12 years 
 
 
 
1.989 
1,21% 
116.011.297,60 
1,36% 
 
More than 12 years 
  
  
  
107.742 
65,29% 
3.806.377.256,72 
44,56% 
 
Remaining Term 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Up to 5 years 
 
 
 
12.125 
7,35% 
92.743.893,04 
1,09% 
 
5 to 8 years 
 
 
 
13.425 
8,14% 
241.017.356,10 
2,82% 
 
8 to 10 years 
 
 
 
14.879 
9,02% 
338.406.725,18 
3,96% 
 
10 to 12 years 
 
 
 
8.787 
5,32% 
268.264.485,00 
3,14%

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
12 to 14 years 
 
 
 
7.481 
4,53% 
274.405.430,74 
3,21% 
 
14 to 16 years 
 
 
 
8.602 
5,21% 
343.982.835,02 
4,03% 
 
16 to 18 years 
 
 
 
8.313 
5,04% 
390.735.388,22 
4,57% 
 
18 to 20 years 
 
 
 
8.220 
4,98% 
424.707.641,67 
4,97% 
 
20 to 22 years 
 
 
 
10.145 
6,15% 
539.636.538,24 
6,32% 
 
22 to 24 years 
 
 
 
12.944 
7,84% 
758.315.684,80 
8,88% 
 
24 to 26 years 
 
 
 
14.187 
8,60% 
887.541.110,14 
10,39% 
 
26 to 28 years 
 
 
 
14.617 
8,86% 
1.094.521.267,45 
12,81% 
 
28 to 30 years 
 
 
 
8.013 
4,86% 
659.372.954,17 
7,72% 
 
30 to 40 years 
 
 
 
22.247 
13,48% 
2.148.108.891,62 
25,14% 
 
More than 40 years 
  
  
  
1.042 
0,63% 
81.160.062,74 
0,95% 
 
Current Unindexed 
LTV 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Up to 40% 
 
 
 
71.517 
43,34% 
1.995.108.474,29 
23,35% 
 
40 to 50% 
 
 
 
22.238 
13,48% 
1.211.959.623,78 
14,19% 
 
50 to 60% 
 
 
 
27.052 
16,39% 
1.670.161.615,37 
19,55% 
 
60 to 70% 
 
 
 
26.194 
15,87% 
1.943.421.317,20 
22,75% 
 
70 to 80% 
 
 
 
18.014 
10,92% 
1.721.532.272,52 
20,15% 
 
More than 80% 
  
  
  
12 
0,01% 
736.960,97 
0,01%

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Loan Purpose 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Own Home  
 
 
 
125.978 
76,34% 
7.299.355.655,42 
85,44% 
 
Own Permanent Home  
 
 
 
35.018 
21,22% 
998.022.584,76 
11,68% 
 
Own Second Home  
 
 
 
2.045 
1,24% 
131.695.081,17 
1,54% 
 
Home to Let  
  
  
  
1.986 
1,20% 
113.846.942,78 
1,33% 
 
Property Type 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Residential 
 
 
 
165.027 
100,00% 
8.542.920.264,13 
100,00% 
 
Flat  
 
 
 
97.897 
59,32% 
4.845.121.821,54 
56,72% 
 
House  
 
 
 
66.251 
40,15% 
3.636.378.021,53 
42,57% 
 
Other  
 
 
 
879 
0,53% 
61.420.421,06 
0,72% 
 
Commercial 
 
 
 
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00% 
 
Geographical 
Distribution 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
Portugal 
 
 
 
165.027 
100,00% 
8.542.920.264,13 
100,00% 
 
Lisboa  
 
 
 
60.262 
36,52% 
3.446.844.376,15 
40,35% 
 
Norte  
 
 
 
44.457 
26,94% 
2.197.946.892,49 
25,73% 
 
Centro  
 
 
 
35.137 
21,29% 
1.554.183.191,07 
18,19% 
 
Alentejo  
 
 
 
11.898 
7,21% 
582.346.836,92 
6,82%

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Algarve  
 
 
 
8.377 
5,08% 
501.046.691,49 
5,87% 
 
Açores  
 
 
 
2.496 
1,51% 
138.004.495,36 
1,62% 
 
Madeira  
  
  
  
2.400 
1,45% 
122.547.780,65 
1,43% 
 
Delinquencies7 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of Loans 
(%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
 
> 30 to 60 days 
 
 
 
157 
0,10% 
7.905.974,90 
0,09% 
 
> 60 to 90 days 
 
 
 
2 
0,00% 
75.671,86 
0,00% 
 
> 90 days 
  
  
  
0 
0,00% 
0,00 
0,00% 
 
Projected Outstanding 
Amountb 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation 
Profile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date 
Principal Balance 
(EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/23 
8.734.185.172,49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/24 
8.347.955.174,14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/25 
8.011.530.521,72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/26 
7.672.473.629,14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/27 
7.330.936.663,25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/28 
6.986.957.370,10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/29 
6.641.646.413,91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/30 
6.220.309.379,11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/31 
5.879.831.383,78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/32 
5.548.663.790,26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/33 
5.168.265.505,72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/34 
4.858.662.117,75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/39 
3.375.025.735,82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/44 
2.032.242.380,25

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/49 
961.826.484,44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/54 
384.764.331,11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mar/59 
77.980.266,97 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
bIncludes mortgage pool and other assets; assumes no 
prepayments (constant prepayment rate of 0%) 
 
 
 
  
 
7. Expected Maturity 
Structure 
31/03/2024 
31/03/2025 
31/03/2026 
31/03/2027 
31/03/2028 
31/03/2033 
  
 
In EUR 
0-1 year 
1-2 years 
2-3 years 
3-4 years 
4-5 years 
5-10 years 
>10 years 
 
Residential Mortgagesb 
333.665.089,99 
336.424.652,42 
339.056.892,58 341.536.965,89 343.979.293,15 
1.679.991.864,38 
5.168.265.505,72  
Commercial Mortgages 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00  
Other Assets 
52.564.908,36 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
0,00 
138.700.000,00 
0,00  
Total Cover Pool 
386.229.998,35 
336.424.652,42 
339.056.892,58 341.536.965,89 343.979.293,15 
1.818.691.864,38 
5.168.265.505,72  
Total Covered Bonds 
1.700.000.000,00 1.400.000.000,00 1.850.000.000,00 
0,00 
0,00 
2.050.000.000,00 
0,00  
bAssumes no prepayments (constant prepayment 
rate of 0%) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Notes 
  
  
  
  
  
1. Soft Bullet Date (Extended Maturity)

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
If the covered bonds are not redeemed on the relevant maturity date, the maturity will automatically be extended on a monthly basis up to one year. In that event, 
the covered bonds can be redeemed in whole or in part on a monthly basis up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Other Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition to the mortgage assets, other assets (or substitution assets) may be included in the cover pool up to an amount equal to 20% of the cover pool, subject to 
the following eligibility criteria: 
- Deposit with the Bank of Portugal in cash or ECB eligible securities or 
- Deposits held with credit institutions rated at least A-. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Overcollateralisation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The overcollateralisation ratios are calculated by dividing (i) the total nominal outstanding balance of the assets included in the cover pool by (ii) the total nominal 
amount of the covered bonds (both excluding accrued interest). For clarification purposes, all assets included in the covered pool are eligible assets. 
Required overcollateralisation is the minimum overcollateralisation necessary to keep the current Mortgage Covered Bond Programme rating. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Net Present Value (NPV) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The NPV of Assets and Liabilities is obtained by discounting all known future cash flows with:  
- the Euro money market curve, for cash flows up to 1 year; 
- the Euro swap curve, for cash flows after 1 year. 
Other Assets and derivatives are considered at market value. 
NPV is also calculated considering a 200 bps shift (upwards and downwards) of the discounting curves. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. Loan-to-Value

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
The Current Unindexed LTV is calculated by dividing the outstanding balance of the loan by the value of the underlying property (last physical valuation). 
A full valuation of the underlying properties must be performed by an independent appraiser, at origination or after, prior to the inclusion of the mortgage loan in 
the cover pool. 
Properties should also be revalued regularly: 
- The value of residential properties should be checked on a frequent basis, at least every three years, in order to identify those that require appraisal by an expert 
(this procedure can be done using statistical models approved by the Bank of Portugal); if the individual mortgage credit value exceeds EUR 500.000, the property 
must be revalued by an expert at least every 3 years; 
- The value of commercial properties must be verified on an annual basis (this procedure can be done using statistical models approved by the Bank of Portugal); if 
the individual commercial credit exceeds EUR 1,000,000.00, the property must be revalued by an expert at least every 3 years. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. Insured Property 
 
 
 
 
 
 
All mortgages must have property damage insurance covering fire and floods. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Delinquencies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A loan is considered to be delinquent if any payment is in arrears by more than 30 days. According to the Portuguese covered bonds legislation, any loan which is 
in arrears by more than 90 days must be removed from the pool and substituted by another loan which fulfils the eligibility criteria. Therefore, there are no NPL's 
included in the cover pool.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to holders of Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 30 April 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended.  
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal, 
or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from time

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Agency and Payment 
Procedures. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) of the Terms and Conditions is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“Arranger” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto. 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 21 June 2023, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate, the 
occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer. 
“BPI Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in this Base Prospectus, has the meaning 
ascribed to in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“Clearing System” means Interbolsa.  
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered 
office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended and restated on 21 June 2023, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions”. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, 
and comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified in the 
Register.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with CMVM 
with registration number 20161389, with its registered office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 
1070-100 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 21 June 2023 entered into by and between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as amended from time to time, which has been revoked 
by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended from time to time. 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investments firms, as amended from time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds. 
“CSD” means a central securities depositary. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
" D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means, in respect of Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution of each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the 
relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue). 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority. 
“EC” means the European Commission.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98, of 3 May, on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Eurosystem” means the monetary authority which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of 
the EU Member States whose currency is the Euro. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.6(F) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
covered bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details 
of that Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable 
Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor.  
“Final Settlement Date” means the date which the financial settlement becomes definitive and irrevocable 
after the Bank of Portugal’s confirmation to Interbolsa.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GBP”, “£”or “pounds sterling” means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms 
of article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“IMF” means the International Monetary Fund. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“INE” means the Statistics Portugal. 
“Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and 
regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 October, Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 
December and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced 
by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March). 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (“Instrução”) no. 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 15 November 2006, relating to certain information duties applicable in relation 
to the issue of covered bonds, to the extent consistent with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of 
Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários). 
“Interbolsa Participant” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 
(Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Banco BPI, S.A. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds, annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to 
time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated 
regulation adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such 
regulation, and are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless 
it is a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its 
parent undertaking or by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution 
has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in 
the CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the 
CRR,  
provided that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) 
(Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets 
under b) above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, 
segregated and allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and Moody’s Investor Services España S.A., which are established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor.  
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in the 
Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a pecuniary loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which 
is registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to 
be met pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable 
requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants). 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date) and 
interest payments under the Covered Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment 
inflows falling due on the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due more than 90 days. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Covered Bonds.  
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation) 
of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A, with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, 
Portugal.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds 
under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time. 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund” means the Portuguese resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law no. 31-
A/2012, of 10 February. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of 
Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered 
bonds, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary 
Assets are Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) 
and (f) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the €9,000,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 30 April 2008 for the 
issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer and as converted on 21 June 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 April 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealer, as amended from time to time.  
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. “Property 
Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market value 
(which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which the 
Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's-
length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and 
without compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time 
or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds, article 208 of the CRR and, except where conflicting, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, provided that, in 
accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property 
and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June, as amended from time to time. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and 
“Ratings” means all of such Ratings; 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices. 
“Registered Covered Bond” means any Covered Bond in registered form. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real 
estate assets serving as security for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of 
covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits 
applicable in relation to the issue of covered bonds.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (“Aviso”) no. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, 
winding-up or dissolution of a credit institution which has issued covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal under the Covered 
Bonds Law, namely Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 13/2006, Regulatory 
Notice 8/2006, to the extent it remains applicable in accordance with article 7(9) of Decree-Law 31/2022, 
of 6 May 2022, and any relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by CMVM, including to 
replace any such Bank of Portugal secondary legislation in the future. 
“Regulation S” means the United States Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to 
Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
“Single Resolution Board” means resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM 
Regulation. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the central institution for bank resolution in the EU, which is the 
second pillar of the banking union and which applies to banks covered by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and 
the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) no. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by SRM Regulation II).  
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
“SRF” means the Single Resolution Fund, established in accordance with SRM Regulation. 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be 
listed as per the relevant Final Terms and references herein to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation 
to any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered 
Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they 
comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
(TARGET2) or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs including the 
Portuguese Tax Authorities. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to 
the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.” or “USA” means the United States of America.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
“U.S. Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), BPI uses a number of indicators in the analysis of the performance and financial position 
which are classified as Alternative Performance Indicators (APM) in accordance with the guidelines set by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA about the disclosure of Alternative Performance 
Measures by entities published on 5 October 2015 (ESMA / 2015/ 1415). These indicators, which were not 
audited, are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial information prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS. In addition, the way the Issuer defined and calculated these indicators may differ 
from the way similar indicators are computed by other companies and may therefore not be comparable. 
The following is a list of alternative performance indicators used by the Issuer, together with a reconciliation 
between certain management indicators and the consolidated financial statements and their notes prepared 
in accordance with IFRS.  
ESMA Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, 
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable 
financial reporting framework. The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of 
all APM’s are set out in the “Alternative Performance Measures” section of Issuer’s 2022 Annual Report 
and 2021 Annual Report which are both incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see the section 
titled Documents Incorporated by Reference).

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal  
 
ARRANGER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal  
 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA  
Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7  
1070-100 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
 
DEALER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto  
Portugal  
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1 
46023 Valencia  
Spain 
AGENT  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados –  
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados Sociedade de 
Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal