--- Page 1 ---
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
Euro 12,500,000,000 
COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") is an authorised credit institution for the purposes of Decree-Law No. 59/2006, 
of 20 March 2006 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the "Covered Bonds Law").  The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will 
constitute mortgage covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Covered Bonds Law.  The Issuer's legal name is Banco 
Comercial Português, S.A. and it uses "Millennium bcp" as a brand name.  The Issuer and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as the "Group". 
Under this Euro 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme (the "Programme"), the Issuer may from time to time issue mortgage covered 
bonds (the "Covered Bonds") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Covered Bonds will be issued in book entry form.  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 12,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein.  Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a "Dealer" and together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base 
Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds. 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded from time to time.  
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Covered Bonds.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), or on another regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Covered Bonds" are to Covered Bonds 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding 
Exempt Covered Bonds shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus and the Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed 
such information. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be admitted to its Official List (the "Official List") and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may also be listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Lisbon ("Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market"). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not 
admitted to trading on any market or admitted to trading on any other market which is not a regulated market as described in the next paragraph. 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market are each regulated markets ("Regulated Markets") for the 
purposes of MiFID II on markets in financial instruments. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds will specify 
whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed on Euronext Dublin or Euronext Lisbon. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered 
Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) of 
Covered Bonds will (other than in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will 
be delivered to the Central Bank and, if admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, to Euronext Dublin.  In the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds, the issue price of the Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set 
out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy will not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Co-Arranger 
Millennium Investment Banking 
Dealers 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
Millennium Investment Banking  
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
UBS Investment Bank 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
 
 
 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
In respect of the Issuer, this Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer which, according 
to the nature of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds, the reasons for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer. 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation and all laws and regulations applicable thereto. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds and Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Exempt 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds 
or Exempt Covered Bonds (as the case may be) are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms or 
applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) as the relevant Dealer or the Managers. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in, 
or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers (as defined in Definitions), the 
Common Representative (as defined in Definitions) or any of the Dealers.  Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
the Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention.  Investors should review, amongst 
other things, the most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Covered Bonds.  The Arranger and the Dealers do not owe any fiduciary duties to any 
person in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus short-term and long-term senior obligations of the Issuer are rated, 
respectively, "NP" and "Ba1" by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody’s"), "B" and "BB" 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), "B" and "BB" by Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch") and "R-
2 (middle)" and "BBB (low)" by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS").

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Series of 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds).  The rating of Covered Bonds may not be 
the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation. 
Each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded from time to time) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of 
Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is not established in the United Kingdom but it is part of a group in respect 
of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of the 
short-term and long-term senior obligations of the Issuer have been issued by each of Moody’s, S&P 
and DBRS in accordance with the CRA Regulation before the end of the transition period and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation until January 
2022.  
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA 
Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("FRIL") 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. FRIL is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.  As such FRIL is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as described 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") will be calculated by reference to the London 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds).  As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the administrator of LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited) and the administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute) is included in 
ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended 
or superseded from time to time, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
(or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt Covered Bonds) includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded from time to time, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016, on insurance 
distribution (as amended or superseded from time to time), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
(or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt Covered Bonds) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
(or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt Covered Bonds) will include a legend entitled "MiFID 
II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate.  Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
(or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds) will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Covered Bonds, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Covered Bonds are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the 
Dealers (save for application for the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any 
Covered Bonds or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.  Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or the 
Covered Bonds issued thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that would result in compliance with any applicable securities laws and regulations.  Each 
Dealer has represented or, as the case may be, will be required to represent that to the best of its 
knowledge all offers and sale by it will be made on the terms indicated above.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of the Covered Bonds.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including Italy and Portugal), the 
United Kingdom and Japan.  See Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions and Secondary 
Market Arrangements. 
The Arrangers, the Common Representative and the Dealers have not separately verified (i) the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation, or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bond or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, as 
may be prepared, or approved in writing, by the Issuer for use in connection with the Programme.  
Accordingly, none of the Arrangers, the Common Representative or the Dealers makes any 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect 
to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or document 
relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme.  The Arranger and the Dealers are acting solely 
pursuant to a contractual relationship with the Issuer on an arm's length basis with respect to the issue, 
offer and sale of the Covered Bonds (including in connection with determining the terms of the issue, 
offer and sale of the Covered Bonds) and not as a financial adviser or a fiduciary to the Issuer or any 
other person.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Common 
Representative or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Covered Bonds.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer.  Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Common Representative or any 
of the Dealers to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant 
State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  Accordingly any person making or intending to

--- Page 7 ---
7 
make an offer in that Relevant State of Covered Bonds which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws or "blue 
sky" laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions and Secondary Market 
Arrangements below). 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the 
Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In 
particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds.  
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS IN RESPECT OF INVESTING IN COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arrangers, the 
Common Representative or the Dealers or any person other than the Issuer.  The Issuer will be liable 
solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such 
obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, security holders 
or incorporators. 
Other Assets/Hedging Contracts: The Covered Bonds Law permits the inclusion in the Cover Pool of 
other eligible assets and hedging contracts subject to certain restrictions under the Covered Bonds 
Law.  The aggregate amount of other eligible assets cannot exceed 20% of the total value of the 
mortgage credits and other eligible assets comprised in the Cover Pool.  See Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool. 
Hedging Contracts: Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest 
rate risk, exchange rate risk and liquidity risk.  The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into 
hedging contracts under the Covered Bonds Law, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are 
denominated in different currencies, in which case the Issuer shall hedge any rate risk coverage.  See 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits: Mortgage credits which are included in the Cover Pool are and 
will generally be subject to amortisation of principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis.  They 
are also subject to early repayment of principal at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers.  
Early repayments of principal on mortgage credits may result in the Issuer being required to include 
further mortgage credits and/or substitution assets in the Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply 
with the financial matching requirements under the Covered Bonds Law. 
None of the Arranger or any of the Dealers has or will undertake any investigations, searches or 
other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool but will instead 
rely on representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Programme Agreement. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, to 
"U.S.$", "USD" or "U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States 
of America, to "£" or "GBP" or "pounds sterling" are to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, to "PLN" are to Polish zloty and to "CHF" are to Swiss francs. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language.  In case there is any discrepancy between 
the English text and the Portuguese text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of approval 
under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 10 
Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme ....................................................................................... 68 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 76 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 79 
Form of the Covered Bonds and Clearing System ................................................................................ 80 
Final Terms for Covered Bonds ............................................................................................................ 83 
Pricing Supplement for Exempt Covered Bonds .................................................................................. 94 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ..................................................................................... 108 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool........................................................................................................ 139 
Insolvency of the Issuer ...................................................................................................................... 147 
Common Representative of the Holders of Covered Bonds ............................................................... 149 
Cover Pool Monitor ............................................................................................................................ 150 
Description of the Business of the Group ........................................................................................... 152 
The Portuguese Mortgage Market and the Servicing of the Cover Pool ............................................ 211 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 219 
The Covered Bonds Law .................................................................................................................... 220 
Asset-Liability Management and Financial Requirements ................................................................. 223 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 227 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements .................... 236 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 243 
Definitions........................................................................................................................................... 253 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds), 
one or more Dealers (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche.  Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to 
making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. The risks described below could 
have a material adverse effect on BCP's business, financial condition and results of operations or the 
value of the Covered Bonds. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the BCP 
Group's management is not currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse 
effect on the BCP Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or 
may result in other events that could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
INTRODUCTION  
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  The 
risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
 
1.1. 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
 
1.2. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
1.3. 
Risks relating to Acquisitions 
 
1.4. 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business 
 
2. 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Nature of the Covered Bonds 
 
2.2 
Risks relating to Tax and other Relevant Laws 
 
2.3 
Risks relating to the Market generally  
 
2.4 
Risks related to the Structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first.  The 
Issuer has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact.  The order of the categories does not imply that 
any category of risk is more material than any other category. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1. 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
Portuguese economy 
The Portuguese economy contracted sharply in 2020 stemming from the effects of the pandemic on 
activity, which turned out to be particularly harmful to exports amid the collapse of tourism activity, to 
private consumption and, to a lesser degree, to investment, which benefited from the resilience of the 
construction sector. The sharp decline in economic activity, however, had a limited impact on the labour 
market, owing to the support measures for families and corporates made available by both national

--- Page 11 ---
11 
authorities and the European Union (EU). The effort of supporting the household and corporate income 
by the government led to a substantial deterioration of the fiscal performance and, consequently, of the 
public debt ratios, an evolution that should improve progressively in tandem with the recovery of 
economic activity. 
In 2021, the Portuguese economy is expected to recover, on the back of a rebound in global activity as 
the rollout of vaccination process should allow for a gradual lifting of lockdowns and associated 
restrictions. 
On the financial front, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") forceful intervention has been so far 
crucial to preclude any meaningful deterioration in risk-aversion thereby contributing to keep financial 
costs and yields at relatively low levels.   
Global health crisis 
Portugal remains vulnerable to the pandemic-related uncertainty, which is considered to remain high 
due to the risk of an increase in new cases as a result of new and reportedly more contagious variants 
of the coronavirus, or a slow rollout of vaccination.  If the pandemic proves more persistent, the effects 
on the economic activity and financial markets could turn out to be stronger and longer lasting, testing 
the limits of central banks to backstop the financial system and further raising the fiscal burden of the 
shock. 
The uncertainty about the duration and intensity of the pandemic crisis in Portugal are affecting, and 
will continue to affect, the behaviour and financial position of the Bank's customers and, therefore, the 
supply and demand of the products and services offered by the Bank and its cost of risk. 
Dramatic tightening in global financial market conditions 
Despite the broad-based monetary stimulus and the available liquidity facilities there are risks of 
significant additional tightening of financial conditions, which could further dampen economic 
recovery.  The possibility of aggravation or persistence of adverse financing conditions could further 
weigh on economic conditions, hindering the evolution of banking business and, consequently, its 
profitability. 
Risks of a protracted recession of the Portuguese economy and/or a slow recovery 
The International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") projects a partial recovery of Portuguese economy in 
2021, with the level of GDP expected to return to pre-pandemic levels at the end of 2022.  However, if 
the pandemic and containment measures last longer, the economy could remain in recession in 2021 
and/or recover at a slower pace, namely due to the importance of the tourism sector, which exposes the 
Portuguese economy to the risks of a slow recovery in global demand for this type of service. 
Any limitation to the growth of the Portuguese economy would predictably imply a fall of demand for 
credit, the cost of funding could rise and the credit quality of the loans' portfolio and other segments of 
the asset side of the Bank's balance sheet would deteriorate. 
Risks related to high levels of indebtedness 
The high levels of both corporate and households’ debt increase the risks of widespread defaults when 
public support measures are rolled back, namely in sectors most affected by the pandemic, such as 
tourism. Any deterioration in households' and companies' financial condition could lead to a fall in the 
demand for credit, and to a deterioration of the credit quality of the loans' portfolio and other segments 
of the asset side of the Bank's balance sheet.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
The high level of Portuguese government debt could lead to relevant limitations on the ability of the 
Portuguese government to stimulate growth in response to a downturn as severe as the current economic 
shock.  The high public-sector indebtedness is therefore an important factor of vulnerability, as any 
change in investors' perception of Portuguese debt sustainability may contribute to raise the Bank's cost 
of funding and to weaken the performance of the financial assets seating on the Bank's portfolio – in 
particular, the Portuguese public debt securities. 
Domestic political risks 
The 2019 parliamentary elections in Portugal have not conferred an absolute majority to the party that 
formed the government.  Against the backdrop of the current health and economic crisis any risks of 
political instability could undermine confidence and hamper the political actions needed to tackle both 
crises, and thereby impact adversely on economic activity and the Portuguese Republic's credit profile.  
Any of these could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks related to European Union 
The pandemic crisis underlined the need to strengthen coordination and cooperation at the European 
level, notably in economic terms.  In this context, any unforeseen political and/or legal obstacles to the 
implementation of policies enacted by the European Union to support the recovery of Europe’s 
economy, could materially impact the speed and depth of the return to economic normality and possibly 
rise fears about the integrity of the EU. 
Any change in EU or in European Monetary Union may affect the Portuguese sovereign credit profile, 
which may lead to concerns relating to the capacity of the Portuguese Republic to meet its funding 
needs.  Any deterioration could have a direct impact on the value of the Bank's portfolio of public debt.  
Any permanent reduction of the value of public debt would be reflected in the Bank's equity position. 
Monetary policy risks 
The Bank is exposed to risks associated with any disruption to the ECB's monetary and liquidity 
facilities introduced to avoid systemic stress in the financial system and to lift confidence and support 
the economic recovery.  Any sudden change in monetary policy could have a substantial downward 
impact on the valuation of the Portuguese government's debt directly, or indirectly via contagion 
through the loss in value of the public debt securities of other EMU countries, which would in turn hurt 
the Bank directly through the investment book and indirectly by affecting the price and availability of 
the Bank's funding in the market and also by potentially lowering the demand for loans from households 
and corporations.  In addition, any further substantial decline of ECB's reference interest rates and/or 
the maintenance of negative interest rates for a protracted period would affect negatively the Bank's 
ability to generate net interest margin. 
Risks to the real estate market 
The current economic shock increases the risk of a significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate 
prices, including, without limitation, through a fall of demand by non-residents and the drop of tourism 
demand, which may lead to an increase in impairment losses in the assets held directly by the Bank as 
well as in the participating units of the restructuring funds held by the Bank, and to increased exposure 
in counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension fund assets retained by 
the Bank.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
External-trade channel risk 
The deterioration of economic activity in the main trading partners of Portugal, along with global supply 
disruptions, the risk of protectionist policies and the possible behavioural changes in Portuguese trading 
partners could impact negatively the performance of the Portuguese economy and lead to economic and 
financial difficulties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or its prospects. 
Geopolitical risks 
The pandemic and the economic crisis could intensify geopolitical risks worldwide.  The risks may be 
derived, among other adverse factors, from the escalation of protectionism and trade wars among the 
major world economic blocs and/or the intensification of actual or potential military conflicts.  Any of 
these could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks related to United Kingdom-EU departure agreement  
The agreement reached between the EU and the United Kingdom (UK) in the end of December 2020 
on the terms of the future cooperation reduced the uncertainty related to UK’s departure from the EU, 
however, risks to the Portuguese economy deriving from the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from 
the EU remain, as the transition to the new UK-EU trading arrangements could reveal more difficult 
than expected. These could have a negative impact on the profitability of the Bank´s Portuguese 
operations, including through asset quality deterioration, given the importance of the United Kingdom 
as a market for Portuguese exports of goods and services (tourism, in particular) and also real-estate.  
Other economies where the Bank operates 
Poland 
Risks related to the economic conditions 
The containment measures aimed at limiting the spread of COVID-19 pandemic lead to a significant 
drop of economic activity in Poland in 2020.  In 2021, a rise in economic activity is expected, although 
the scale and pace of the recovery are uncertain. The further course of the pandemic and its impact on 
the economic situation in Poland and abroad continue to be the main source of uncertainty.  
Any deterioration of economic conditions in Poland and instability in financial markets may constrain 
economic activity and cause greater volatility of the Polish zloty ("PLN") exchange rate and, 
consequently, affect the Bank's results directly through financial operations and indirectly through 
repercussions on the clients' financial situation. 
Domestic political risks 
Political and legal tensions with the European Union, particularly considering that the European 
Commission decided on 10 October 2019 to refer Poland to the Court of Justice of the EU regarding 
the new disciplinary regime for Polish judges, could adversely affect political and social stability in 
Poland and consequently its economic and financial situation, which would negatively impact Bank's 
activity and results. 
Risks related to banking system policy

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Risks related to the implementation of economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, targeting the 
banking system by Polish authorities, could negatively affect investors' confidence and the economic 
activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
Mozambique 
Commodity prices risks 
Mozambique is an important exporter of aluminium and coal and has also important projects in progress 
related to natural gas.  As weaker global demand drives down commodity prices, the Mozambican 
economy could face significant pressure on its public finances, on real economic activity and on its 
exchange rate, which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Mozambican authorities have been 
implementing in the last years in order to address the sovereign debt crisis.  Any deterioration of 
economic and financial conditions could result in additional negotiations with the IMF and international 
creditors.  In such circumstances, the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects could be negatively affected. 
Domestic political risks  
i) 
Any deterioration of the economic and financial situation may contribute to the rise of 
political tensions (Frelimo and Renamo, the two main political parties in Mozambique, 
have been holding start-stop talks aimed at ending a military conflict that was resumed 
in 2013), which could negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
ii) 
The natural gas industry in Mozambique has been crucial to both the expansion of 
economic growth and social change. Since 2017, the country has been struggling to 
control an insurgency orchestrated by militants linked to the Islamic State. The conflict 
has already costed the country more than 2 thousand lives and led to about 500 thousand 
displaced, in the past three years. This has contributed to exacerbate the levels of social 
vulnerability in Cabo Delgado, already one of Mozambique poorest provinces 
according to the 2014/5 household survey. The progress of the LNG projects, crucial 
to the recovery of economic growth, have been affected as attacks have occurred in 
areas closer to the projects operations site. Additionally, the already tight public budget 
has seen significant pressures from increased military spending. The downside risks 
will impact the financial sector, with potential spillovers to the real economy, business 
perspective, security conditions, labour force and banking expansion. Thus, the 
sustained economic recovery would require addressing the military insurgency. In this 
context, if the scale and frequency of attacks in gas-rich Cabo Delgado Province 
intensifies it could hinder the natural gas industry activity and thereby the expansion of 
economic activity and social progress.  Any of these factors could negatively affect the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Angola 
Commodity prices risks 
Given the reliance of Angolan economy on oil exports, if oil prices persist at low levels, it could create 
significant pressure on Angola's public finances, on the real economic activity and on its exchange rate, 
which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Angolan authorities have been implementing in 
the last years in order to address economic and structural imbalances.  In such circumstances, the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be negatively affected.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
1.2  
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Bank is subject to complex regulation that could increase regulatory (among which capital and 
liquidity) requirements. 
The Bank conducts its business in accordance with applicable regulations and is subject to related 
regulatory risks, including the effects of amendments to laws, regulations and policies applicable in 
Portugal and in other countries where the Bank operates.  Portuguese and international regulatory 
entities, including the European Commission, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), the European 
Securities Market Authority ("ESMA"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), the European Central 
Bank ("ECB") and Banco de Portugal have implemented significant changes to the Bank's regulatory 
framework, particularly in relation to capital and liquidity adequacy and the scope of the Bank's 
operations.  These changes are continuously being updated and revised, adjusting to past experience or 
to new business trends and other changes may be implemented in the future.  Consequently, the Bank 
could face diverse, additional and/or more intense regulation that could adversely and significantly 
impact the results of its operations. 
In May 2019, the Council adopted a comprehensive legislative package (the "banking package") 
implementing material elements of the Basel III framework ("Basel III") at the European level by way 
of amendments to  Regulation No. 575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
June 2013, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "Capital Requirements Regulation" or 
"CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or superseded from time to time (the "Capital Requirements Directive" or "CRD IV"), and 
on the framework for the recovery and resolution of banks in difficulty, notably Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended or superseded from time 
to time (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") and Regulation No. 
806/2014/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation").  
Some of these changes have already been enacted (and some have been brought forward as a response 
to the pandemic),while others will enter into force in the coming years together with changes stemming 
from the adoption of the Basel III reforms, some of which are still being assessed by the European 
Commission. 
The Bank also operates under Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December (as amended or superseded 
from time to time) (the "Banking Law"), applicable to credit institutions in Portugal. A public 
consultation on the draft of a new Banking Code was launched, which aims to replace the 
abovementioned law.  
Also, changes to risk weighted assets ("RWA") could come from adjustments to internal models, such 
as those associated with changes to calibration or further to supervisory requirements. 
The implementation of new regulations may increase capital requirements and could result in additional 
preparatory work, disclosure needs, restrictions on certain types of transactions, limitations to the Bank's 
strategy, the need to take strategic actions, which may include raising additional capital, and/or 
limitations to, or modification of, the Bank's earnings derived from margin, fees, capital gains or other 
sources of income.  Any of the above may reduce the business volume and the yield of the Bank's 
investments, assets or holdings, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  For further details on banking regulation please 
see "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
Furthermore, a global systemically important institution ("G-SII") could face additional requirements. 
Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese banks may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no 
assurance that this will not change in the future. The Bank is currently classified as an "other 
systemically important institution" ("O-SII"), and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital 
requirements, which could increase and lead to lower returns on equity.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The Banking Union may impose additional regulatory requirements that may impact the Bank's 
results. 
The European Commission established a new common regulation (the Single Rule Book) and 
supervisory architecture.  The Banking Union comprises the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), 
the Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS").  
The regulatory framework under the Banking Union and future modifications to it may result in, or 
require changes to, the strategic positioning of financial institutions, including their business model and 
risk exposure, and could result in additional costs in order to ensure compliance with the new 
requirements and may potentially restrict the Bank's ability to comply with its financial undertakings 
regarding debt and equity instruments.  See further "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent 
developments on the banking regulation". 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigned the role of direct banking supervisor to the ECB to ensure that the largest 
banks in the Euro zone and in each Member State, which includes the Bank, are independently 
supervised under common rules.  The Bank is currently in compliance with SREP requirements.  If the 
Bank's regulatory ratios (capital and/or liquidity) fall below the thresholds specified or guided by the 
relevant regulatory entities (including pursuant to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP")) the Bank may need to adopt additional measures to strengthen those regulatory ratios 
(including at unfavourable terms), such as an acceleration of deleveraging, the reduction of RWA, 
divestments, issuance of liabilities and other measures that may include rights issues. Furthermore, any 
additional capital adequacy requirements imposed on the Bank may result in the need to increase its 
capital buffers in order to fulfil more demanding capital or liabilities ratio requirements, thereby 
increasing the costs to the Bank and reducing the return on equity. Any of the aforementioned situations 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks’ capital and liquidity requirements (e.g. Pillar 
2 capital requirements ("P2R") and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G")) but may also decide to impose 
additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures. See further "Description of 
the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
A change in the prudential supervision framework may: 
• 
impose additional capitalisation demands on the Bank, in particular if the ECB requires the 
reclassification of assets and/or a revision of coverage levels for impairment, backstop 
provisions, more demanding internal model parameters which could result in the Bank being 
subject to additional capital requirements, or to any future stress tests; 
• 
given the classification of the Bank as an O-SII, lead to higher combined capital buffer 
requirements; and 
• 
lead to a higher countercyclical capital buffer and capital conservation buffer. 
If, following a capital requirement exercise, such as a stress test, capital quality or risk management 
assurance exercise or equivalent exercise, a capital deficit is identified, it could adversely affect the cost 
of funding for the Bank and have a materially adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is also currently compliant with the CRD required liquidity related ratios, i.e., the liquidity 
coverage ratio ("LCR") which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets

--- Page 17 ---
17 
to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario, and the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") reflecting 
the amount available of stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. 
These requirements may change in the future, a scenario which could have an impact on the Bank's 
capital and liquidity needs and adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  For more information on the topics above see further "The results of 
additional stress tests could result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public confidence in the 
Group" and "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
− 
The BRRD (which implementation into Portuguese law was completed by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 
26 March, as amended or superseded from time to time, encompassing several changes to the 
Banking Law) establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment companies which contemplates that capital instruments may be subject to non-viability 
loss absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool.  As such, the use of 
resolution tools and powers provided for by the Banking Union may disrupt the rights of 
shareholders and creditors.  In particular, the power of the authorities to transfer the shares or all or 
part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without the consent of shareholders affects 
the property rights of shareholders.  In addition, the power to decide which liabilities to transfer out 
of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the continuity of services and avoiding 
adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment of creditors.  For further details 
please see "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
− 
To avoid having institutions structuring their liabilities in a way that impedes the effectiveness of 
the bail-in or other resolution tools and to avoid the risk of contagion or a bank run, the BRRD 
requires that institutions meet a robust minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") at all times.  In order to meet MREL requirements, the Bank may need to issue MREL-
eligible instruments, impacting its funding structure and financing costs.  Such mechanisms and 
procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Bank's strategy, could increase the average 
cost of the Bank's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 
instruments and other MREL eligible instruments and thus negatively affect the Bank's earnings.  
These instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, given their potential convertibility features under application of a resolution or other 
measure or in accordance with their terms.  The aforementioned instruments might be viewed by 
investors as riskier than other debt instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed 
coupon payments, insufficient maximum distributable amount buffer, conversion into capital 
instruments and lack of available distributable items.  As a result, investor appetite for these 
instruments may decline in the future, which could render the Bank unable to place them in the 
market.  In this case, the Bank would have to issue Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital to 
meet the mentioned regulatory requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory 
eligible instruments that would entail an associated coupon expense which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  See 
"Description of the Business of the Group – Trends Information" for more information on MREL 
requirements applicable to the Issuer. 
− 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced the 
creation of the privileges accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits under the 
Deposit Guarantee Fund ("DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, the Integrated Mutual 
Agricultural Scheme (which, in Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual Agricultural Bank (Caixa 
Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútua) and its associated banks) or the Portuguese Resolution Fund

--- Page 18 ---
18 
(Fundo de Resolução) (the "Resolution Fund"), arising from the potential financial support that 
these institutions might give in the context of the implementation of resolution measures, in each 
case within the limits of the applicable laws. 
− 
The financial resources of the Resolution Fund result essentially from the initial and periodical 
contributions paid by member institutions, the proceeds from the bank levy, created by Law no. 55-
A/2010, of 31 December, and the returns on the investment of its financial means. 
− 
Under Article 153-O of the Banking Law, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the 
implementation of the resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting general 
and administrative expenses.  At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses 
to be incurred by the Resolution Fund, notably those that have been publicly mentioned as 
potentially applicable arising from (i) the sale of Novo Banco, S.A. ("Novo Banco") (including, 
without limitation, the contingent capitalisation mechanism), (ii) the litigation relating to the Banco 
Espírito Santo, S.A. ("BES") resolution process including in respect of the so-called "lesados do 
BES" proceedings and the attempts to find a solution for such proceedings, (iii) the resolution 
process of Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. ("BANIF") and related expenses, and (iv) the 
amount and timing of the Bank's contributions to the Resolution Fund and the reimbursement of 
the loans granted by the Bank to the Resolution Fund.  Thus, the impact of the BES and BANIF 
resolution processes on the Bank, which participates in the Resolution Fund, could depend on 
external factors not controlled by the Bank, including the proceeds from the Resolution Fund assets, 
the future funding needs and contingent liabilities of the Resolution Fund including, without 
limitation, those related to the sale of Novo Banco to Lone Star.  For further details on the 
Resolution Fund and related contributions of the Bank see "Description of the Business of the Group 
– Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
− 
In the event of a shortage of funds, a negative financial impact, of an uncertain nature, on the 
Resolution Fund and, indirectly, on the Portuguese banking sector, could occur.  The definition of 
the financing structure of a possible shortage (in terms of type of contribution, its distribution in 
time and any recourse to temporary loans) will depend on the amount of such hypothetical shortage.  
See "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
− 
The amount of the periodical contribution for the Resolution Fund is calculated every year pursuant 
to Regulation 1/2013 of Banco de Portugal, as amended by Regulations 8/2014 and 14/2014, using 
a base rate which is published by Banco de Portugal.  There can be no assurance that in the future 
Banco de Portugal will maintain the current base rate.  Increases in the base rate in future years may 
reduce the Bank's profitability.  See "Description of the Business of the Group - Recent 
developments on the banking regulation". 
− 
This situation has been disclosed in the financial statements of the Bank as a contingent liability, 
with no impacts recorded on the financials or capital ratios of the Bank. There can be no assurance 
that such accounting treatment will be maintained in the future, and as such there is no guarantee 
that the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and capital ratios will 
not be affected by the factors described above. 
− 
The impact of the above is uncertain and the Bank can give no assurance that the current 
understanding/framework/accounting treatment and related contributions will not be changed in the 
future (including that recourse to special contributions may occur) thus negatively impacting BCP's 
financial condition, including a negative impact on net income, capital ratios, earnings and long-
term targets.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
European Deposit Insurance Scheme 
The establishment of EDIS is contingent on certain political decisions, in particular as to whether it 
should be a system based on the reinsurance between the several national deposit guarantee funds or a 
mutualisation mechanism at the European level.  The decision and implementation processes of the 
guarantee scheme may have material adverse effects on the Bank's business activity, liquidity, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The harmonisation of the deposit guarantee system, through Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April 2014, concerning the deposit guarantee systems, resulted in 
some significant changes to the systems currently in force in each of the Member States, including 
Portugal. The changes contemplate the introduction of size and risk based contributions by entity and 
harmonisation of products and depositors covered, maintaining, however, the principle of a harmonised 
limit per depositor and not per deposit. 
According to the BRRD, and consequently the Banking Law, as amended or superseded from time to 
time, including, without limitation, the amendments of Law No.23-A/2015, of 26 March, banks must 
ensure that by 3 July 2024, the financial resources available to a deposit guarantee scheme ("DGS") 
amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources come to be less 
than two thirds of the target level, Banco de Portugal will set the periodic contributions at a level that 
allows the target level to be reached within six years.  If the available financial resources are not 
sufficient to reimburse the depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must 
pay ex-post contributions not exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of 
the DGF.  In exceptional circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the 
approval of Banco de Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised. This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking 
irrevocable payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has 
not been paid in cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets 
unencumbered by any third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at the DGF's 
request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of 
costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance 
with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits.  They can 
therefore affect the activity of the relevant banks and consequently their business activities, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  As previously mentioned, the draft proposal for the 
Banking Code has been subject to public consultation in order to be implemented in the foreseeable 
future, which will supersede the Banking Law currently in force. As a result of these developments, the 
Bank may incur additional costs and liabilities which may adversely affect the Bank's business, 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The resolutions adopted by the European Commission regarding financial services and products in 
the context of disclosure compliance and investor protection, changes in consumer protection laws 
and the legal changes regarding the temporary framework relating to COVID-19 may limit the 
business approach and fees that the Bank can charge in certain banking transactions. 
Several European Commission regulatory initiatives regarding financial services and products have 
been transposed/implemented in the past few years, including:

--- Page 20 ---
20 
1. 
The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended or superseded from time to time 
("MiFID II"), which has been transposed into the national legal framework by Law No. 
35/2018, of 20 July 2018, and is already in force with some additional related regulations 
pending, and the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended or superseded 
from time to time ("MiFIR"); 
2. 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
November 2014, as amended or superseded from time to time, relating to packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products ("PRIIPs"), complemented by Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 653/2017 of the Commission, of 8 March 2017, as amended or superseded from time 
to time, which applies from 1 January 2018.  On 4 January 2018, the CMVM issued a "Circular" 
regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, outlining further applicable requirements 
and Law 35/2018, of 20 July 2018 introduced the legal framework for PRIIPs in Portugal; and 
3. 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012, as amended or superseded from time 
to time ("EMIR"), which sets out procedures regarding over-the-counter ("OTC") markets and 
derivatives, namely on clearing; 
4. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds) introduces a regime for 
benchmark administrators that ensures the accuracy and integrity of benchmarks. The working 
group on euro risk-free rates was established by ESMA, ECB, European Commission and the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) to identify and recommend risk-
free rates that could serve as a basis for an alternative to current rates in the euro area, such as 
EONIA and EURIBOR. 
Also, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, approved by the Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 April of 2016, as amended or superseded 
from time to time ("GDPR"), replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to 
harmonise data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all European Union citizens' data 
privacy and to reshape the way organisations across the region approach data privacy. 
Furthermore, Decree-Law No. 107/2017, of 30 August 2017, lays down the rules on switching of 
payment accounts, the comparability of commissions, as well as the access to payment accounts with 
basic features, transposing Directive 2014/92/EU.  Changes in consumer protection laws in Portugal 
and other jurisdictions where the Bank has operations could limit the fees that banks may charge for 
certain products and services, such as mortgages, unsecured loans, credit cards and fund transfers and 
remittances.  See "Description of the Business of the Group - Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
Compliance with these obligations entails increased operational and financial costs for the Bank and 
may also affect the provision of financial services to customers, and therefore impact on the Bank's 
overall results.  Furthermore, some of them are being revised or their full implementation is only 
foreseen in the coming years. 
The implementation of these legal initiatives could affect the regular functioning of the market and 
significantly impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net income and prospects.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Temporary framework relating to COVID-19 
Changes in Portuguese legislation regarding banking commissions 
Decree-law No. 10-H/2020, of 26 March 2020, establishes exceptional and temporary measures to 
promote the acceptance of card-based payments in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.  It 
establishes the suspension of commissions on payment operations: (i) the collection of the fixed 
component of any commission, for card payment transactions at automatic payment terminals; (ii) 
payment service providers are prohibited from making increases in the variable components of fees per 
transaction, as well as other fixed fees which are due for the use of automatic payment terminals in card 
payment transactions and (iii) payment service providers cannot include in their pricing the possibility 
to charge for new fixed or variable fees relating to the acceptance of card payment transactions made at 
automatic payment terminals. 
Law no. 7/2020 of 10 April 2020, establishes exceptional and temporary measures in the context of the 
COVID-19 pandemic including the suspension, under certain circumstances, of the commission 
charged in payments made through digital platforms. 
Law no. 1-A/2020 of 19 March, as amended or superseded from time to time, implements exceptional 
and temporary measures in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. It creates a temporary regime 
whereby the execution of mortgages over real estate property used by the mortgagor for permanent 
residence are suspended. 
The Economic and Social Stabilization Program approved by the Government, which forms part of the 
2021 supplementary budget approved on 19 June 2020, establishes the creation of an additional 
solidarity contribution charged on the banks, of which revenue is allocated to contribute to support the 
costs of the public response to the current crisis, through its assignment to the Social Security Financial 
Stabilization Fund. 
Law no. 53/2020, of 26 August, and Law 57/2020 of 28 August, sets out rules for the protection of 
consumers of financial services by implementing restrictions on the application of certain bank fees. 
Apart from the temporary framework relating to COVID-19 pandemics, other laws may be implemented 
in order to limit or suspend other type of commissions or determine additional contributions to the effort 
of financing COVID State budget expenditures. 
Further limitations or reductions of commissions charged by banks in Portugal may adversely affect the 
business and performance of the Issuer. 
Moratoria on loan repayments 
Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, as amended or superseded from time to time, establishes 
extraordinary measures for debt protection in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, to which a range 
of borrowers may adhere.  Moratoria measures include: (i) prohibition of revocation of contracted credit 
lines and granted loans; (ii) extension of contracts with capital payment at the end of the contract; (iii) 
suspension of payments in respect of claims which are to be repaid in instalments or in respect of other 
instalments (and adjustment of the instalments calendar accordingly) and (iv) suspension of interest due 
during the extension period which will be capitalised into the value of the loan.  See also below "The 
Bank is exposed to the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic". 
The implementation of these legal initiatives or other similar/broader initiatives that may arise in the 
future, and which content is unknown, could impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net 
income, capital, RWA and prospects namely after the end of moratoria when private individuals and 
firms need to revert to usual payment of instalments and the prudential temporary framework will likely

--- Page 22 ---
22 
not apply.  Some of the supervisory measures applied by the ECB to banks are temporary in nature, i.e., 
until further notice, creating further uncertainty.  The ECB has acknowledged that it will monitor the 
situation and review this stance when the economic and financial distress related to COVID-19 fades.  
Similarly, Banco de Portugal has highlighted the heightened uncertainty about the magnitude and 
duration of the outbreak. 
The Bank is subject to compliance risk, which may lead to claims of non-compliance with regulations 
and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. 
Furthermore, as the Bank operates in a highly regulated industry, it may be subject to claims of non-
compliance with regulations and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties.  The 
Bank's regulators frequently conduct inspections and request information in respect of the Bank's or its 
clients' activities and transactions.  Any inspections or other proceedings that are unfavourable to the 
Bank may result in sanctions, limitations on its business opportunities, or a reduction of its growth 
potential, and may have an adverse effect on the Bank's ability to comply with certain contractual 
obligations or retain certain commercial relationships. 
Among other's the Bank is subject: 
− 
to provisioning requirements, minimum cash level, credit qualification, record-keeping, privacy, 
liquidity, permitted investments, contingency, and other prudential and behavioural requirements 
which have associated costs; any increase or change in the criteria of these requirements could have 
an impact on the Bank's operations and results; 
− 
to rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing.  Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing 
rules entails significant cost and effort.  Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences and consequences in the 
Bank's relationship with its clients, partners, service providers and other third parties.  Although the 
Bank believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing 
policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the Bank 
cannot guarantee that it has in the past or will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that 
its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing as extended to the 
whole Group are applied by its employees under all circumstances;  
− 
to competition regulations.  In particular, the Bank is subject to laws prohibiting the abuse of a 
dominant market position and prohibiting agreements and/or concerted practices between business 
entities that aim to prevent, restrict or distort competition, or have the effect of preventing, 
restricting or distorting competition.  In cases where the Bank is found to have infringed the relevant 
rules of Portuguese and/or European Union competition law, the Bank is subject to the risk of fines 
of up to 10% of its consolidated annual turnover in addition to a public announcement of any 
sanctions issued; and   
− 
in addition to penalties imposed by the European Commission and/or the competent competition 
authorities, the Bank may be ordered by these entities or by national courts, as applicable, to 
discontinue certain practices, comply with behavioural or structural remedies, or pay damages to 
third parties that demonstrate that they have been harmed by the Bank's infringement of the 
competition rules, whether based on an earlier infringement decision by the relevant authority or 
independent of any such decision.  The Bank may also be subject to similar consequences in other 
jurisdictions where it is active, as imposed by competition authorities or national courts of such 
jurisdictions.  This can lead to material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The Bank is subject to obligations and costs resulting from the legal and regulatory framework 
related to the prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality. 
Several regulatory and legislative initiatives have been and continue to be put in place to address asset 
quality issues, with particular focus on the non-performing exposures ("NPEs") and/or non-performing 
loans ("NPLs") as authorities highlight credit risk and heightened levels of NPLs as key risks facing 
euro area banks. 
In compliance with the ECB's banking supervision, the Bank has been implementing a NPE reduction 
plan which is closely monitored by the ECB, and is globally aligned with the ECB's Guidance on NPL 
and subsequent Addendum, which addresses the main aspects of the strategy, governance and 
operations relating to an efficient disposal of NPLs, but adjustments and recommendations can follow 
from the regular monitoring performed by the supervisor. 
BCP's NPE reduction plan is closely monitored by the ECB. Further requirements imposed by the ECB 
may arise from the follow-up discussions and new regulations on the matter. This could adversely and 
significantly impact the Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition, including capital 
position, and prospects. 
Following the measures announced by the national Governments to mitigate the negative impacts of 
COVID-19 outbreak, the ECB announced a flexible application of the unlikely-to-pay classification for 
governmental guarantees and moratoria.  It has also announced that guarantees that turn non-performing 
will receive favourable treatment in terms of coverage requirements for a period of seven years 
following their deterioration.   
The ECB also extends flexibility to the NPL classification of exposures covered by qualifying 
legislative and non-legislative moratoria, following the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-
legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the light of the coronavirus crisis, as amended. 
The implementation of the legal and regulatory framework currently envisaged, as well as any potential 
additional regulatory or self-regulation measures, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  See "Description of the Business of 
the Group – Trends Information and Recent developments on the banking regulation" for further details 
on the implementation of the Bank's NPL strategy and on regulatory developments regarding NPLs and 
NPEs. 
Changes to tax legislation, regulations, higher taxes or lower tax benefits could have an adverse 
effect on the Bank's activity.  Implementation of legislation relating to taxation of the financial sector 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations. 
The Bank might be adversely affected by changes in the tax legislation and other regulations applicable 
in Portugal, the European Union and other countries in which it operates, as well as by changes in the 
interpretation of legislation and regulation by the competent Tax Authorities.  In addition, the Bank 
might be adversely affected by difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax laws and 
regulations.  The materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The various measures approved by the Portuguese Republic to ensure budgetary consolidation, 
stimulate the economy and support the banking system have led to a considerable increase of public 
debt levels.  In the context of low growth, the need to restore the balance of public finances in the 
medium term led to increased tax costs through the expansion of the tax base, the increase in tax rates 
and/or reduction of tax benefits, as well as the increase in restrictions on tax planning practices, which 
may directly affect the Bank's net income.  Moreover, changes in legislation may require the Bank to

--- Page 24 ---
24 
bear additional costs associated with participation in financial stabilisation mechanisms and resolution 
funds at a national and European level. 
For example, despite the ex-ante Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund to support the application 
of resolution measures at EU level, the Bank is still liable to the following bank levy and contributions: 
Under Law No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December, and Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 121/2011, of 30 
March, as amended or superseded from time to time, a bank levy is applicable to the Bank (EUR 31.7 
million in 2019 and EUR 29.4 million in 2020) and will be applied over (a) the Bank's liabilities at a 
tax rate of 0.11% and (b) the notional amount of off-balance sheet financial derivatives, excluding 
hedging derivatives and back-to-back derivatives, at a tax rate of 0.0003%.  The taxable base is 
calculated by reference to an annual average of the monthly balances of the qualifying items, as reflected 
in the relevant year's approved accounts. 
The Bank is also liable to periodic special and additional contributions that must be paid to the 
Portuguese Resolution Fund, as stipulated in Decree-Law No. 24/2013 and Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 
March (EUR 15.9 million in 2019 and EUR 15.0 million in 2020).  The periodic contributions are 
determined by a base rate, established by the Bank of Portugal through regulatory instruments, to be 
applied in each year and which may be adjusted to the credit institution's risk profile based on the 
objective incidence of those contributions, deducted from the liability elements that are part of the core 
capital and supplementary and from the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
The Supplementary Budget for 2020 approved in the National Parliament in July 2020 introduced a 
Solidarity Surcharge due by credit institutions and Portuguese branches of credit institutions. The 
Solidarity Surcharge is levied on the same taxable bases of the above bank levy, as follows: 
− 
Liabilities are subject to a rate of 0.02%; and 
− 
The notional value of off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments is subject to a rate of 
0.00005%. 
A transitional regime in force during years 2020 and 2021 shall apply. For the Solidarity Surcharge due 
in 2020, the taxable base was computed with reference to the accounts of the first semester of 2020. 
The Solidarity Surcharge due and paid in 2020 amounted to EUR 5.8 million. 
Additionally, on 14 February 2013 the European Commission published its proposal for a Council 
Directive for enhanced co-operation in the form of a financial transaction tax ("FTT"), of which 
Portugal would be a member.  Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member 
State wishing to participate in the establishment of the enhanced cooperation, 10 countries are 
participating in the negotiations on the proposed directive, discussing the option of an FTT based on 
the French model of the tax, and the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the participating 
member states as a contribution to the EU budget. 
The Spanish FTT entered into force on 16 January 2021.At this stage, there can be no assurance that an 
FTT or similar additional bank taxes and national financial transaction taxes will not be adopted, at any 
moment, by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank operates. 
Any such additional levies and taxes could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank also has ongoing ordinary course disputes with the Tax Authorities and, although it considers 
the provisions it has made regarding these disputes to be adequate to cover the risk of judgements 
against the Bank it is unable to ensure their sufficiency or the outcome of such disputes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The new regulatory framework for insurance companies may negatively impact the Bank's 
operations. 
The Bank has a partnership agreement with an insurance company for the placement of insurance 
products through the commercial distribution networks of the Bank, being remunerated for insurance 
intermediation services ("bank assurance activity"), and the Bank holds a 49% stake in Millenniumbcp 
Ageas Grupo Segurador, S.G.P.S., S.A. ("Millennium bcp Ageas").  Measures, regulations and laws, 
such, but not limited to, additional requirements in terms of minimum capital requirements, supervisory 
review of firms' assessment of risk and enhanced disclosure requirements, affecting the insurance 
business may impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, net income and prospects, directly, 
through commission's income, or indirectly, through the change of valuation of the equity stake.  See 
"Description of the Business of the Group – Trends Information and Recent developments on the 
banking regulation". 
The Bank is subject to changes in financial reporting standards, such as IFRS 9 and IFRS 16, or 
policies, including as a result of choices made by the Bank, which could materially and adversely 
affect the Bank's reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a 
corresponding material adverse impact on capital ratios. 
The Bank's financial statements are prepared in accordance with European Union IFRS, which is 
periodically revised or expanded.  Accordingly, from time to time the Bank is required to adopt new or 
revised accounting standards issued by recognised bodies, mainly the International Accounting 
Standards Board.  It is possible that future accounting standards which the Bank is required to adopt, 
could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its financial statements and that such 
changes could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations and financial condition. 
On 1 January 2018, the Group adopted the IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments, replacing the IAS 39 – 
Financial Instruments: Recognition and measurement which were in force until 31 December 2017.  
IFRS 9 establishes new rules for the recognition of financial instruments and introduces relevant 
changes, namely in terms of their rating and measurement and also the methodology for calculating the 
impairment of financial assets.  For this reason, it is a standard that has been subject to a detailed and 
complex implementation process that has involved all the key stakeholders in order to understand the 
impacts but also the changes in processes, governance and business strategy that may be required.  The 
requirements of IFRS 9 are applied retrospectively by adjusting the opening balance at the date of initial 
application. 
The main changes resulting from IFRS 9 are related to impairment requirements.  IFRS 9 introduces a 
new model for impairment estimates based on expected losses while the model under IAS 39 was based 
on incurred losses.  The IFRS 9 impairment model is applicable to financial assets valued at amortised 
cost, to debt instruments valued at fair value through other comprehensive income, and to contingent 
risks and commitments not valued at fair value.  It should be underlined that the implementation of the 
new standard requires the application of more complex credit risk models of greater predictive power 
which require a significantly broader set of source data than the previously applied models. 
The Group determines the expected credit losses of each operation as a result of the deterioration of 
credit risk since its initial recognition.  For this purpose, operations are classified into one of the 
following three stages: 
(a) 
Stage 1: operations with no significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition are 
classified in this stage.  Impairment losses associated with operations classified in this stage 
correspond to expected credit losses resulting from a default event that may occur within 12 
months after the reporting date (12-month expected credit losses);

--- Page 26 ---
26 
(b) 
Stage 2: operations with a significant increase in credit risk since its initial recognition but not 
impaired are classified in this stage.  Impairment losses associated with operations classified in 
this stage correspond to the expected credit losses resulting from default events that may occur 
over the expected residual life of the operations (lifetime expected credit losses); or 
(c) 
Stage 3: impaired operations are classified in this stage.  Impairment losses associated with 
operations classified at this stage correspond to lifetime expected credit losses. 
As a result of IFRS 9, the Bank recognised credit losses on loans and other financial instruments based 
on expected losses rather than incurred losses.  Considering allowance for credit losses will be based 
on forward-looking information IFRS 9 has led to an increase in subjectivity.  The forward-looking 
information mentioned takes into account the evaluation of future macro-economic conditions which 
are monitored on a continuous basis and that are also used for management and internal planning.  Credit 
losses are defined as the expected contractual cash-flows not received over the estimated life of the 
financial instrument, discounted at the original interest rate.  Following this definition, expected credit 
losses correspond to credit losses determined by considering future economic conditions. 
As credit losses are recognised at an earlier stage this will lead to a higher loan loss allowance, and 
corresponding lower capital on implementation of IFRS 9.  In addition, IFRS 9 is expected to lead to 
more profit and loss volatility, because changes in counterparty credit quality could lead to shifts from 
a 12-month expected loss to a lifetime expected loss and vice versa.  In addition, more financial 
instruments may be classified at fair value through profit or loss.  An increase in credit loss could have 
an impact on lending activities and the potential for greater pro-cyclicality on lending and impairment 
exists owing to implementation of IFRS 9.  Further changes in financial reporting standards or policies, 
including as a result of choices made by the Group, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and may have a corresponding material 
adverse effect on capital ratios. 
The Group adopted IFRS 16 – Lease transactions on 1 January 2019, replacing IAS 17 – Lease 
transactions, which was in force until 31 December 2018.  The Group did not adopt any of the 
requirements of IFRS 16 in prior periods.  This standard establishes the new requirements regarding the 
scope, classification/recognition and measurement of leases: 
• 
from the lessor's perspective, leases will continue to be classified as finance leases or operating 
leases; and 
• 
from the lessee's perspective, the standard defines a single model of accounting for lease 
contracts, which results in the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all 
leases, except for those which the lease term ends within 12 months or for those which the 
underlying asset is of low-value and, in these cases, the lessee may opt for the exemption from 
recognition under IFRS 16, and shall recognise the lease payments associated with these leases 
as an expense.  The Group chose not to apply this standard to short-term lease contracts, i.e. 
contracts with a term shorter than or equal to one year, and to lease contracts in which the 
underlying asset's value is below EUR 5,000.  Additionally, this standard is not applied to leases 
of intangible assets. 
Regarding income statement, the adoption of IFRS 16 led to changes in the items regarding 
depreciation, other administrative costs and net interest income, with the net impacts being recognised 
as immaterial. 
Following the measures announced by the national governments to mitigate the negative impacts of the 
COVID-19 outbreak, the ECB announced a flexible application of the unlikely-to-pay classification for 
governmental guarantees and moratoria. It has also announced that guarantees that turn non-performing 
will receive favourable treatment in terms of coverage requirements for a period of seven years

--- Page 27 ---
27 
following their deterioration. The ECB has asked banks to smooth the procyclicality of IFRS 9 
provisioning models as much as possible. 
If the Bank's regulators adopt or interpret more stringent standards or views on the applicable standards 
than the Bank anticipates, the Bank could experience unanticipated changes in its reported financial 
statements, including but not limited to restatements or the inclusion of reserves in review or audit 
reports, which could adversely affect the Bank's business due to litigation and loss of investor 
confidence in its financial statements. 
The Bank's financial statements in conformity with EU IFRS require the exercise of judgements and 
use of assumptions and estimates which, if incorrect, could have a material impact on the Bank's 
business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and capital ratios. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with European Union IFRS requires management 
to exercise judgement and use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, 
liabilities, equity, income and expenses.  Due primarily to the inherent uncertainty in making estimates, 
actual results reported in future periods may be based upon amounts which differ from those estimates.  
For example, due primarily to the inherently uncertain outcome of settlements of claims and litigation, 
it is difficult to provide for sufficient legal and regulatory provisions, and if the provisions made turn 
out not to be sufficient, the Bank will have to report additional losses. 
Judgements, estimates, and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable 
under the circumstances and known at the date of preparation and issuance of the respective financial 
statements.  Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is 
revised and in any future periods affected.  The accounting policies deemed critical to the Bank's results 
and financial condition, based upon materiality and significant judgements and estimates, include the 
following areas: impairment of the financial assets available for sale, losses due to impairments in credit 
to clients, fair value of derivative financial instruments, investments held to maturity, entities included 
in the consolidation perimeter, taxes on profit, pensions and other benefits to employees, goodwill 
impairments and impairments in non-current assets held for sale (properties).  If the exercise of 
judgement and the use of estimates and assumptions by the Group in preparing its consolidated financial 
statements in conformity with European Union IFRS are subsequently found to be incorrect, this could 
have a material impact on the Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition, including 
capital ratios. 
The use of standardised contracts and forms carries certain risks. 
The Bank maintains contractual relationships with a large number of clients.  The management of such 
a large number of legal relationships involves the use of general terms and conditions and standard 
templates for contracts and forms.  This could pose a significant risk to the large number of contracts 
containing subjects that need clarification and drafting errors or requiring individual terms and 
conditions.  In light of recent amendments to the applicable legal frameworks as a result of new laws or 
judicial decisions, it is possible that not all standard contracts and forms used by the Bank comply with 
every applicable legal requirement at all times. 
If there are drafting errors or interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the contracts 
are invalid in their entirety or in part, many client relationships may be negatively affected.  Any 
resulting claims for compensation or other legal consequences may have an adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
1.3  
Risks relating to Acquisitions 
The Bank may be the object of an unsolicited acquisition bid. 
In light of the ongoing trend in Europe towards consolidation in the banking sector, and like any listed 
company, the Bank could be the target of an unsolicited acquisition bid.  If such an acquisition were to 
occur, there could be changes in its corporate strategy, the main focus of its business, or its operations 
and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition 
or results. 
The Bank or its subsidiaries may engage in mergers and/or acquisitions. 
Although the Bank's strategic plan is focused on organic growth and while it has reinforced its 
commitment to its strategic goals, there is no guarantee that it will not participate in mergers and/or 
acquisitions in Portugal or elsewhere should such opportunities arise.  In the event the Bank or any of 
its subsidiaries participates in mergers and/or acquisitions, there could be changes in its corporate 
strategy, in its organisation and structure, its main business focus, its resources, and in its financial 
condition and results of operations.  Additionally, if the Bank or its subsidiaries were to engage in such 
an operation, it is possible that the Bank may not be able to extract all the cost and/or revenue synergies, 
totally or partially, associated with such mergers and/or acquisitions.  The Bank may also have to bear 
additional personnel costs resulting from any restructurings needed to integrate acquired operations or 
businesses successfully.  Moreover, future mergers or acquisitions could result in unexpected losses 
due to unforeseen liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business 
The Bank is exposed to the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
A widespread global pandemic of the severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as 
SARS-CoV-2) and of the infectious disease COVID-19, caused by the virus, is still taking place 
worldwide, affecting the lives of a large portion of the global population. 
Despite the range of implications of this pandemic not being fully determined yet, part of the material 
adverse impact on the Portuguese economy is already visible, as well as on the economies of all other 
jurisdictions in which the BCP Group operates. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is leading to an adverse economic shock, with very substantial effects on 
business activities.  Therefore, in 2020, the Portuguese economy underwent a significant deterioration 
as a result of the pandemic, with a -7.6% recession.  In 2021, both the Bank of Portugal and the IMF 
foresee a gradual recovery of the Portuguese economy. On 14 December 2020, the Bank of Portugal 
announced that it expects the Portuguese economy to grow 3.9%, in 2021 (Source: Bank of Portugal, 
Economic Bulletin, 14 December 2020). On 23 March 2021, the IMF announced that it expected a 3.9% 
growth of the Portuguese gross domestic product ("GDP") in 2021 (Source: IMF, WEO, March 2021). 
However, there is heightened uncertainty underlying these scenarios, with the possibility of a more 
persistent impact of the pandemic crisis, which may happen mainly as a result of the destruction of 
installed productive capacity, slow rollout of the vaccination process, slower than expected economic 
recovery and/or new waves of the pandemic. 
The pandemic led to the declaration of state of emergency in various countries, including Portugal, as 
well as the imposition of travel restrictions, the establishment of quarantines and the temporary 
shutdown of various institutions and economic sectors, with several institutions taking unprecedented 
measures, such as having the vast majority of its employees working remotely.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
To deal with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank adopted a set of contingency measures planned and 
designed to ensure the protection of people and the continuity of the activity, including, among others, 
the recommendations of health authorities, work remotely and segregation of teams, trying to maximize 
the resilience of the organization. 
In this context, the Bank activated a contingency plan ("Contingency Plan"), according to the Business 
Continuity Plan of the Bank. This plan was updated and adapted specifically to the current pandemic 
scenario, with a specific Crisis Management Office being created for this purpose. Thus, in line with 
the guidelines issued by the authorities and supervisory entities, with which the Bank maintains regular 
contacts, an action plan was designed to protect customers and employees, minimize the chances of 
contagion and ensure the operational continuity of business. 
Measures were implemented by the Portuguese Government and the Bank also announced voluntary 
measures to address the impact of the pandemic which have an impact on the Bank.  The Portuguese 
Government created lines of support for the economy that allow companies to access credit on 
favourable terms. This support has been made available in a phased manner and distributed in specific 
lines for different business sectors. These lines are guaranteed by the Portuguese State up to 90% in the 
case of credit granted to micro and small companies and up to 80% in the case of larger companies. 
The Portuguese Government, through Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, introduced a 
moratorium on credits towards financial institutions with the goal of supporting families, companies 
and other entities in an adverse context of income decline caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This 
public moratorium establishes exceptional measures to protect the credits granted to beneficiary entities, 
allowing the deferral of the fulfilment of responsibilities, when they represent debt assumed by the 
beneficiary entities towards the Bank. 
As the economic crisis generated by the COVID-19 pandemic was evolving, in June 2020, the 
Portuguese Government extended the scope and the deadline of the public moratorium. Thus, Decree-
Law No. 26/2020, of 16 June, introduced changes to the public moratorium, regarding the period 
covered, the timing for application and the scope of the beneficiaries and the operations covered. Due 
to these changes, certain bank customers began to benefit from an extension of the term of the public 
moratorium. The moratorium term initially set at six months, until 30 September 2020, has been 
extended until 31 March 2021. This new term is applicable not only to new moratoria but to those that 
were being applied in periods prior to the extension. Within the scope of these amendments, 30 June 
2020 was set as deadline for adhering to the public moratorium. 
In the third quarter of 2020, Decree-Law No. 78-A/2020, of 29 September, introduced additional 
amendments to Decree-Law no. 10-J/2020, establishing another extension of the period of validity of 
the public moratorium. In this context, bank customers who had adhered to the public moratorium 
regime until 30 September 2020 will benefit from the support measures provided for in that regime until 
30 September 2021. It should be noted, however, that between 31 March 2021 and 30 September 2021, 
support measures are different depending on whether or not customers operate in sectors especially 
affected by the pandemic COVID-19. Bank customers operating in sectors particularly affected by the 
COVID-19 pandemic may continue to benefit from the suspension of capital reimbursement and 
payment of interest, commissions and other charges, while the remaining customers will only be entitled 
to benefit from the grace period for repayment of capital. 
In addition, it should be noted that the new deadlines are automatically applicable to the public 
moratoria in force, unless customers intend to benefit from the effects of protection measures for a 
shorter period, in which case they will have to communicate this intention to the Bank at least 30 days 
in advance. The referred Decree-Law No. 78/A/2020 also includes a new measure applicable only to 
the moratorium credits granted to entities comprised in the sectors of activity specified in the Decree-
Law, that corresponds to an additional extension of 12 months, added to the extension that apply to 
other entities.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
As at 2 December 2020, following the impacts of the second wave of the pandemic, the European 
Banking Authority reactivated bank moratorium, allowing new applications to the moratoria until 31 
March 2021, for a moratorium period of up to nine months from the date of accession. Decree-Law No. 
107/2020, of 31 December was therefore published in order to adapt the national legislative framework 
to the European prudential framework, maintaining the conditions and characteristics of the moratorium 
regime in force for new applications, but with the adaptations inherent to the reactivation of the measure, 
namely, the term for application and the term of the moratorium itself. 
In addition, and based on this framework, the Bank also provides credit moratoria designed to protect, 
namely, companies, self-employed entrepreneurs and other professionals, private social solidarity 
institutions, non-profit associations and other entities of the social economy, which fulfil the 
requirements of the law. 
In the case of households, moratoria covers loans with mortgage guarantee (with multi-purpose, namely 
mortgage loans, including credit granted for the acquisition of secondary residential property or for 
rental purposes), as well as the real estate financial leasing and the consumer credit agreements for the 
purpose of education, including for academic and professional training. 
Following the guidance issued by the European Banking Authority on public and private moratoria 
applied to credit operations in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Portuguese Banking 
Association provided for two private moratoria open to natural persons, residents or non-residents in 
Portugal , one of which relates to mortgage loans and the other to non-mortgage loans (e.g. personal or 
automobile). In the case of non-mortgage loans, the moratoria agreed until 30 June 2020 are granted for 
a period of 12 months, counting from the date of the agreement. The moratoria that will be agreed after 
30 June 2020 will end on 30 June 2021. In the case of mortgage loans, the moratoria will last until 31 
March 2021. 
To help families and businesses overcome the economic challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
BCP has launched a set of measures addressed to both individuals and companies, such as exemption 
and commissions reduction.  
In the international activity, it is worth mentioning the initiatives launched by Bank Millennium in 
Poland. Bank Millennium provided its customers with the possibility of deferring payments of interest 
and principal for credits as provided for in credit moratoria sponsored by local associations representing 
the banking sector and leasing companies.  Bank Millennium has launched several initiatives aimed at 
facilitating access to the bank and carrying out financial transactions remotely, mainly benefiting its 
private customers. In order to make it easier for companies to meet their cash flow needs during this 
period, Bank Millennium launched several funding solutions for this specific purpose. 
Another possible consequence of the ongoing pandemic, and any potential future outbreaks, could be 
an adverse impact on the real estate market, including a decrease in the value of real estate assets, which 
could negatively affect the Bank's pool of real estate assets, as well as the Cover Pool.   
Future impact on the Bank’s profitability levels may arise from lower interest rates for a long period, in 
order to foster economic recovery and financial markets stability. In case of prolonged lockdowns 
and/or surge of new COVID-19 waves, commissioning levels may also be affected due to low levels of 
economic activity. Also, during 2020, cost of risk increased as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, with 
European banks frontloading provisions to address the negative impacts of the pandemic. The Bank’s 
guidance for cost of risk in 2021 is between 90 basis points and 120 basis points. 
Finally, going forward, the NPEs reduction pace is expected to be impacted. NPE sales should decline 
and there is the possibility of an increase in NPEs inflows, as a result of the COVID-19 impact on the 
global economy.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The Bank is exposed to risks related to FX-indexed mortgage loans. 
Regarding mortgage loans granted by Bank Millennium S.A. ("Bank Millennium") in Poland in CHF 
until 2008, there are risks related to verdicts issued by polish courts in individual lawsuits against banks 
(including Bank Millennium) raised by borrowers of foreign exchange indexed ("FX-indexed") 
mortgage loans, as well as risks related with the possible application of a sector-wide solution, i.e. a 
solution applied to all contracts (Swiss Franc-denominated/indexed mortgage loans) in the Polish 
financial sector. The Polish Financial Supervisory Authority suggested a possible sector-wide solution 
in December 2020, which has, since then, been under consideration by Polish banks. 
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued a judgment on Case 
C-260/18, in connection with the preliminary questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in 
the lawsuit against Raiffeisen Bank International AG.  The judgment of the CJEU, as well as its 
interpretation of European Union Law, is binding on domestic courts. 
Since then, the trend of court rulings, that had been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse. 
CJEU's judgment concerns only the situations where the national court has previously found the contract 
terms to be abusive.  It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the course of 
judicial proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be identified as abusive in the circumstances 
of the lawsuit.  It can be reasonably assumed that the legal issues relating to FX-indexed mortgage loans 
will be further examined by the national courts within the framework of the disputes considered, which 
could possibly result in the emergence of further interpretations relevant for the assessment of the risks 
associated with subject matter proceedings.  This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis 
of these matters.  Further requests for clarification and ruling addressed to the CJEU and the Supreme 
Court of Poland with potential impact on the outcome of the court cases were already filed. 
As at 31 December 2020, Bank Millennium had 5,018 FX-indexed mortgage loans subject to individual 
litigations, submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting to 
PLN 1.794 million (EUR 303.4 million).  Until 31 December 2020, only 69 of these cases had obtained 
a final verdict (excluding cassation appeals). For further details, please see "General Information – 
Litigation".  
According to the Polish Bank Association ("ZBP"), during 2019, over 70% of the lawsuits regarding 
FX-indexed mortgage loans obtained a final verdict favourable to the banks involved.  However, after 
the CJEU judgment regarding Case C-260/18 issued on 3 October 2019, the trend of court rulings, that 
had been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse. 
Considering the increased legal risk related to FX-indexed mortgages, Bank Millennium total balance 
sheet provisions for legal risks amount to PLN 924 million (EUR 202.6 million) and PLN 36.4 million 
(EUR 8.0 million) regarding former Euro Bank, S.A.’s portfolio. Legal risk from former Euro Bank, 
S.A.’s portfolio is fully covered by an indemnity agreement established with Société Générale. On 15 
April 2021, Bank Millennium announced PLN 512 million provisions (EUR 112.8 million) for legal 
risks on FX mortgages in first quarter of 2021, due to “the continuing negative trends in court decisions, 
inflow of new court cases and resultant changes in the risk assessment methodology”. This brought the 
cumulative provisions for legal risks on FX mortgages to PLN 1.4 billion (EUR 308 million), 
accounting for 10% of the Bank’s PLN 14 billion portfolio of FX mortgages (not including PLN 1 
billion related to Eurobank) and more than 50% of the PLN 2.8 billion in courts as of year-end 2020 
(PLN 1,794 million under individual actions and PLN 1,000 million under a class action).  
The methodology developed by Bank Millennium is based on the following main parameters: (i) the 
number of current (including class actions) and potential future court cases that will appear within a 
specified (three-year) time horizon; (ii) the amount of Bank Millennium's potential loss in the event of 
a specific court judgment (three negative judgment scenarios were taken into account); and, (iii) the 
probability of obtaining a specific court verdict calculated on the basis of statistics of judgments of the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
banking sector in Poland and legal opinions obtained.  Variation in the level of provisions or concrete 
losses will depend on the final court decisions about each case and on the number of court cases. The 
Bank analysed the sensitivity of the methodology for calculating provisions, for which a change in the 
parameters would affect the value of the estimated loss to the legal risk of litigation: (i) for each 
additional 1% of active clients that file a lawsuit against the Bank, the impact on loss due to the legal 
risk of the portfolio of FX-indexed mortgages is PLN 33 million (EUR 7.2 million); (ii) for each 
additional 1% decrease in the probability of the Bank winning a case, the impact on loss due to the legal 
risk  of the portfolio of FX-indexed mortgages is PLN 25 million (EUR 5.5 million). 
Bank Millennium undertakes a number of actions at different levels towards different stakeholders in 
order to mitigate legal and litigation risk regarding the FX-indexed mortgage loans portfolio.  Bank 
Millennium is open to negotiate case-by-case favourable conditions for early repayment (partial or total) 
or the conversion of loans to PLN.  On the other hand, Bank Millennium will continue to take all 
possible actions to protect its interests in courts while, at the same time, being open to finding settlement 
with customers in the court under reasonable conditions. 
On 8 December 2020, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority ("PFSA"), Jacek 
Jastrzębski, proposed a sector-wide solution to the risks related to FX-indexed mortgage loans whereby 
banks would offer their customers the voluntary possibility to enter into agreements on the basis of 
which the customer would determine, together with the bank, the settlement of the loan as if it had been 
indexed to Zlotys since inception, with interests at an appropriate WIBOR rate plus the margin 
historically used for such a loan. 
Following that public announcement, the proposal has been subject to consultations between banks 
under the sponsorship of the PFSA and Polish Bank Association. Banks in general have been assessing 
the conditions under which such solution could be implemented and consequent impacts. 
In the view of Bank Millennium's Management Board, important aspects to be taken into consideration 
when deciding on potential implementation of such program are: a) favourable opinion or, at least, non-
objection from important public institutions; b) support from the National Bank of Poland ("NBP") for 
the implementation; c) level of legal certainty of the settlement agreements to be signed with the 
borrowers; d) level of the financial impact on a pre- and after tax basis; and e) capital consequences, 
including regulatory adjustments in the level of capital requirements associated with FX-indexed 
mortgage loans. 
At the time of publishing of the Bank Millennium’s annual report for the 2020 financial year, neither 
its management board nor any other corporate body of Bank Millennium or of the Bank took any 
decision regarding the implementation of such program. For this reason, the potential effects of this 
matter were not reflected in the determination of the provision. If or when a recommendation regarding 
the program is ready, Bank Millennium's management board will submit it to the supervisory board and 
general shareholders' meeting, taking into consideration the relevance of such decision and its 
implications. 
According to preliminary calculations, implementation of a solution whereby loans would be 
voluntarily converted to PLN as if they had been a PLN loan from the very beginning, bearing interest 
at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased by the margin historically employed for such loans, could 
imply provisions for the losses resulting from conversion of such loans (if all the current portfolio would 
be converted) with a pre-tax impact between PLN 4.1 billion (EUR 899.06 million) to PLN 5.1 billion 
(EUR 1.118 billion) (non-audited data). The impacts can significantly change in case of variation of the 
exchange rate and other assumptions of diverse nature. Impacts on capital could be partially absorbed 
and mitigated by the combination of the existing surplus of capital over the current minimum 
requirements, the reduction of risk-weighted assets and the decrease or elimination of Pillar 2 buffer. 
The above mentioned impact would be substantially higher than the estimated impact of PLN 500 
million (EUR 109.6 million) to PLN 600 million (EUR 131.6 million) (non-audited data) in the scenario

--- Page 33 ---
33 
of replacing the exchange rate applied in the contracts by the average exchange rate set by the NBP. 
Finally, it should be mentioned that Bank Millennium, as at 31 December 2020, maintained additional 
own funds for the coverage of additional capital requirements related to FX-indexed mortgage portfolio 
risks (Pillar 2 buffer), in the amount of 3.41 percentage points (3.36 percentage points at the BCP Group 
level), part of which is allocated to operational/legal risk. 
On 29 January 2021, a set of questions addressed by the First President of the Supreme Court of Poland 
to the Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court of Poland was published, which may have important 
consequences in clarifying key aspects of court decisions and their consequences related to FX-indexed 
mortgage loans: (i) "is it permissible to replace, through legal provisions or customary rules, unfair 
terms in a contract determining the exchange rate?"; (ii) "in the impossibility of determining the 
exchange rate of a foreign currency to which a loan contract is indexed or denominated, is it permissible 
to keep the contract valid during its remaining term?"; (iii) "in case of invalidity of the CHF loan, would 
the equilibrium theory apply (i.e., originating a single claim, equal to the difference between the value 
of the claims of the bank and the Customer), or the theory of two conditions (separate claims are created 
for the bank and the Customer and must be treated separately)?". 
A separate ruling by 7 judges of the Supreme Court of Poland was issued on 7 May 2021 (having been 
originally scheduled for 15 April 2021), on two questions related to the annulment of a contract. These 
questions have also been asked to the European Court of Justice, which issued its own ruling on 29 
April 2021. The ruling of 7 May 2021 is expected be relevant as the ruling by the European Court of 
Justice referred the matter back to Polish jurisprudence. The same happened in October 2019 with the 
Dziubak case. The rulings of the plenum of the Supreme Court of Poland of 11 May 2021 nonetheless 
prevail over a ruling issued by a panel of 7 judges. 
On 7 May 2021, the Supreme Court of Poland ruled that: 
• 
When a contract is found invalid, the claims of banks and clients are to be considered separately. 
This means that the cash outflow for clients would be the original amount of the loan, regardless 
of the instalments paid so far, which would need to be separately reimbursed by banks; and 
• 
The banks’ claims expire after the final judicial annulment of the loan agreements. This means 
that the “flat for free” scenario, whereby clients do not pay back capital nor the remuneration 
for the use of capital is ruled out. 
The market reacted positively to the decision, especially due to clarification in terms of status of 
limitation. This “eliminates” the possibility of the worst case scenarios posed by the Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego ("KNF"). As the decision settled a point of law it can only be reversed by a ruling of the 
plenum of the Supreme Court of Poland.  
On 11 May 2021 a Supreme Court of Poland spokesperson announced that no ruling was issued on the 
previously scheduled date and that no new date had been set for the Supreme Court of Poland to 
reconvene. The Civil Chamber asked for additional opinions among others of the NBP, Financial 
Ombudsman, Human Rights Ombudsman and the KNF. 
Due to the complexity and uncertainty regarding the outcome of court cases, as well as due to the 
potential implementation of PFSA Chairman's solution or potential Supreme Court decisions, it is 
difficult to reliably estimate potential impacts of such outcomes and their interaction as at the date of 
publication of the Group's financial statements. 
The main consequence from both an increase of unfavourable verdicts and the adoption of a sector-
wide provision (despite in different magnitudes) related to cases in FX-indexed mortgages loans, is the 
possible need to increase the recognition of provisions for legal risks by Bank Millennium, thus 
affecting the results of the Bank and the consolidated results do BCP Group.  Also, this would

--- Page 34 ---
34 
significantly impact both Bank Millennium's and BCP Group's capitalization levels, leading, in an 
extreme scenario, to the need of recapitalization by Bank Millennium. 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers. 
The Bank is exposed to its customers' credit risk.  Gross exposure to risk of credit (position in original 
risk) on 31 December 2020 was EUR 103.0 billion. 
As at 31 December 2020, the breakdown of this exposure was the following: EUR 19.7 billion for 
central governments or central banks, EUR 1.3 billion for regional administrations or local authorities, 
EUR 0.3 billion for administrative entities and non-profit organisations, EUR 0.04 billion for 
multilateral development banks, EUR 3.1 billion for other credit institutions, EUR 69.2 billion for retail 
and companies customers and EUR 9.3 billion for other elements. 
According to Banco de Portugal latest available data, Portugal's NPE coverage by loan loss reserves 
("LLR") was 55.4% in 2020 and the NPE ratio (loans only) stood at 4.9%.  The Bank NPEs (loans 
only) as at 31 December 2020 were EUR 3.3 billion (5.9%) with a coverage by impairments of 63% 
and a coverage by impairments, collaterals and Expected Loss Gap of 113%. 
The materialisation of the recession scenario forecasted by several entities, notably the Bank of Portugal 
and the IMF as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, led to an increase in the Bank’s cost of risk, which 
is expected to range, in 2021, in the Bank's previously established guidance, between 90 and 120 basis 
points. 
The risk of a slower economic recovery or a longer than foreseen period in the fight against the 
pandemic may prove to be a challenge in continuing reducing the exposure to problematic loans. Given 
the duration of public and private support granted – with a special emphasis on credit moratoria –, 
mostly until the end of September 2021, the visibility of the pandemic's impact on the creation of new 
NPEs during 2021 will be limited. However, given the pace of NPEs reduction recently shown by the 
Group, as well as the projections of net inflows, new inflows are expected to be offset by NPE sales 
and write-offs. 
A general deterioration of the Portuguese economy (and/or of the global economy) and the systemic 
risk of financial systems due to structural imbalances could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's 
assets and require increased credit impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's financial 
condition and results of operations.  This could further increase the Bank's NPL and NPE ratios and 
impair the Bank's loan portfolio and other financial assets. 
The Bank is exposed to further deterioration of asset quality. 
The value of assets collateralising the Bank's secured loans could decline significantly as a result of a 
general decline in market prices or a decline in the value of the asset class underlying the collateral, 
which could result in an increase of the impairment recognised for the collateralised loans granted by 
the Group.  The Group's commercial activity volumes were strongly influenced, during 2020, by the 
pandemic. If, on the one hand, there was a significant growth in total customer funds, originated by the 
pandemic and confinement periods, on the other hand there was a contraction in new personal loan 
production, which was more than offset by the growth in new corporate credit production, deriving from 
the strong demand for credit lines with state guarantees, created to fight the economic consequences of 
the pandemic by injecting liquidity into the Portuguese businesses. For 2021, the Group's commercial 
activity is projected to continue its good performance, albeit at a more subdue pace, with further 
expansion of the volume of the loan portfolio. Finally, a decline in equity and debt market prices could 
also have an impact on the quality of the Bank's collateral linked to financial assets leading to a 
reduction in coverage ratios.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
In light of the Portuguese macroeconomic situation and the Bank's older loan exposures to some of the 
more vulnerable sectors in the economy, in 2020, the Bank continued to increase the level of coverage 
through impairments. 
The SSM publicly released, on 22 August 2019, clarifications on topics related to the NPE coverage 
rules.  As a result banks will have 7 years to provision collateralized NPEs and 9 years for collateralized 
NPEs with real estate collateral and 3 years for other non-collateralized NPEs. 
For new NPEs generated from 26 April 2019, the provision coverage requirement becomes less 
stringent (it takes longer before 100% coverage is expected). 
For new NPEs generated between 1 April 2018 and 25 April 2019 the previous coverage requirement 
is maintained, as well as for the stock of NPEs (all those generated before that date). 
The Bank's consolidated gross loan portfolio, as at 31 December 2020, was EUR 56.1 billion (of which 
EUR 54.2 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers", 
EUR 1.6 billion were recorded in the caption "Debt securities held associated with credit operations" 
and EUR 0.354 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value").  The ratio of NPEs 
(loans only) stood at 5.9% as at 31 December 2020, compared to 7.7% as at 31 December 2019.  As at 
31 December 2020, the loan portfolio in Portugal amounted to EUR 38.5 billion.  In Portugal, the ratio 
of NPEs stood at 6.0% as at 31 December 2020, compared to 8.8% as at 31 December 2019. 
NPEs in Portugal amounted to EUR 2.4 billion as at 31 December 2020, with EUR 0.6 billion of NPEs 
relating to individuals and EUR 1.7 billion to companies.  53% of NPEs are NPLs more than 90 days.  
NPE coverage as at 31 December 2020 was 127% for Companies (73% by LLRs, 37% by real estate 
collateral and 17% by other collateral and EL gap) and 98% for Individuals (35% by LLRs, 63% by 
real estate collateral and 0% by other collateral and EL gap). NPLs more than 90 days' coverage as at 
31 December 2020 was 135% for Companies (89% by LLRs, 19% by real estate collateral and 27% by 
other collateral and EL gap) and 98% for Individuals (42% by LLRs, 57% by real estate collateral and 
0% by other collateral and EL gap). Other NPE coverage as at 31 December 2020 was 118% for 
Companies (57% by LLRs, 55% by real estate collateral and 7% by other collateral and EL gap) and 
99% for Individuals (26% by LLRs, 72% by real estate collateral and 3% by other collateral and EL 
gap).   
The surge and dissemination of the COVID-19 pandemic led to the increase of volatility and adverse 
economic and financial circumstances at worldwide, European and national levels. Causing an increase 
in the risk of deterioration of the quality of the consolidated loan portfolio and may also lead to increased 
impairment losses and deterioration of the regulatory capital ratios.  Loan impairment (net of recoveries) 
amounted to EUR 509.9 million in 2020, recorded in the caption "Impairment for financial assets at 
amortised cost – Loans and advances to customers", EUR 390.2 million as at 31 December 2019, 
recorded in the caption "Loans impairment", and EUR 464.6 million as at 31 December 2018, recorded 
in the caption "Loans impairment".  From 2011 to 31 December 2020, the Bank made impairment 
provisions amounting to EUR 8,651 million.  Cost of risk1, measured by the proportion of loan 
impairment annualised charges (net of recoveries) compared to loans to customers (gross), stood at 91 
basis points in 2020, compared to 72 basis points in 2019, 92 basis points in 2018 and 122 basis points 
in 2017.  The persistence, or deepening, of the crisis, general market volatility, sluggish economic 
growth and increased unemployment, coupled with either decreased consumer spending or a sharp 
increase in risk premiums required would lead to increased loan impairment costs and, consequently, 
to the reduction of the Bank's net income.  In addition, the level of impairment and other reserves may 
not be sufficient to cover possible future impairment losses, and it may be necessary to create additional 
                                                     
1  As used in this Base Prospectus, "Cost of risk" means the ratio of impairment charges (net of recoveries) accounted to 
customer loans (gross).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
provisions of significant amounts.  Any failure in risk management or control policies relating to credit 
risk could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In Poland, the NPL ratio as at 31 December 2020 was 2.7%, stable when compared to 2.7% as at 31 
December 2019. 
In Mozambique, the NPL ratio as at 31 December 2020 was 12.5%, compared to 16.7% as at 31 
December 2019. 
Credit risk and deterioration of asset quality not only are mutually reinforcing, but also assume an 
important role in the current pandemic social and economic environment.  If there is any reduction in 
the value of assets securing loans that have been granted or if the value of assets is not sufficient to 
cover the exposure to derivative instruments, the Bank would be exposed to an even higher credit risk 
of non-collection in the case of non-performance, which, in turn, may affect the Bank's ability to comply 
with its payment obligations.  The Bank cannot guarantee that it would be able to realise adequate 
proceeds from disposals of collateral to cover loan losses, or that in the fiscal year 2021 and/or in future 
reporting periods, it will not raise impairment charges from recent levels, especially in the current 
environment, characterised by high levels of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  Deterioration 
in the credit risk exposure of the Bank may have a material and adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is vulnerable to fluctuations in interest rates, which may negatively affect net interest 
income and lead to net loss and other adverse consequences. 
As from the end of December 2020, the interest applied by the ECB to the main refinancing operations 
is 0%, while the one that applies to permanent deposit facilities is -0.5%.  These two interest rates serve 
as determinant references for the level at which market interest rates are established (in particular, 
EURIBOR). 
The Bank's profitability depends largely on its ability to generate a net interest income (the difference 
between the interest rates received in credit operations and the interest rates paid to deposits). 
A significant part of the Bank's funding comes from retail deposits.  In a negative interest rate 
environment, the Bank may not be able to reduce the remuneration rate of such deposits consistently 
with the reduction of the interest rate applicable to credit operations.  On the other hand, very low 
interest rates may result in a reduction of deposits stock and force the Bank to resort to more expensive 
financing instruments. 
The majority of the Bank's credit portfolio is comprised of variable interest rate loans, linked to 
EURIBOR.  A continuous decline or maintenance of market interest rates at the current low levels could 
lead to the erosion of the Bank's net interest income, which the Bank (given the current environment in 
which it operates), may not be able to mitigate through the increase of its loan portfolio.  This could 
result in material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including policy changes 
of the monetary authorities and other national and international political constraints.  Changes in market 
interest rates could affect the interest rates the Bank charges on interest-earning assets differently from 
those it pays on interest-bearing liabilities.  These differences could reduce the Bank's net interest 
income. 
Although the data released for the Eurozone related to GDP and inflation confirm a scenario of weak 
economic dynamics and absence of inflationary risks, an increase of interest rates in the Eurozone could 
increase the costs associated with debt repayment in Portugal and aggravate the financial conditions of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
the country in general, namely if the interest rate increase is not adequate for the particular 
macroeconomic conditions of the Portuguese economy.  An increase in interest rates could reduce 
demand for loans and the Bank's capacity to grant loans to customers, contribute to increased loan 
default and/or increased interest expense with deposits.  This could result in material adverse effects on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate changes or volatility may materially and adversely affect the Bank's net income, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Law No. 32/2018, of 18 July, amending Decree-Law No. 74-A/2017, of 23 June 2017, on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential real estate property, entered into force on 19 July 2018 
and, in the context of residential loan agreements, imposes on banking institutions the obligation to 
reflect the existence of negative rates in the calculation of interest rates applicable to the loans.  
According to this law, when the sum of the relevant index rate (such as EURIBOR) and the relevant 
margin is negative, this negative interest rate amount will have to either (i) be discounted from the 
principal amounts outstanding of the relevant loans or (ii) be converted into a credit which may in the 
future set off against positive interest rates (and ultimately be paid to the borrowers if it has not fully 
been set off at maturity).  This could result in material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to concentration risk, including concentration risk in its credit exposure. 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, including risks arising from the high 
concentration of individual or economic group exposures in its loan portfolio.  The 20 largest loan 
exposures of the Bank as at 31 December 2020 represented 6.9% of the total loan portfolio (gross) 
(7.4% as at 31 December 2019).  The qualified shareholders' loan exposures as at 31 December 2020 
represented 0.43% of the total loan portfolio (gross) (0.44% as at 31 December 2019). 
The Bank also has high sectoral concentration in its loan book.  As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's 
credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 3.4% (real estate activities) and 3.2% 
(construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the amortized cost (gross).  On that date, 47.5% 
of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the exposure to retail and wholesale commerce was 
7.2% and the exposure to service sector companies was 14.8%. 
As at 31 December 2019, the Bank's credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 
3.1% (real estate activities) and 3.1% (construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the 
amortized cost (gross).  On that date, 47.6% of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the 
exposure to retail and commerce was 6.4% and the exposure to service sector companies was 15.8%. 
Concentration is common for most of the main Portuguese banks, given the small size of the Portuguese 
market, and has been noted by the rating agencies as a fundamental challenge facing the Portuguese 
banking system.  Rating agencies have been particularly critical of the Bank's exposure to larger 
customers and, especially, exposure to its shareholders.  Although the Bank carries out its business 
based on strict risk control policies, in particular with respect to credit risk, and seeks to increase the 
diversification of its loan portfolio, it is not possible to guarantee that the exposure to these groups will 
not be increased or that exposure will fall in the future.  If exposure increases in the future, it could have 
a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market. 
The Bank is highly exposed to the Portuguese real estate market by means of the credit granted to 
construction companies, real estate activities, and mortgage loans, which represented 3.2%, 3.4% and 
47.5% of the consolidated loan portfolio at the amortized cost, respectively, as at 31 December 2020 in 
assets related to its operations or obtained in lieu of payment, and indirectly through properties securing

--- Page 38 ---
38 
loans or through funding of real estate development projects (assets received in lieu of payment in 
Portugal represented 0.9% of total assets of the Bank as at 31 December 2020), and through the exposure 
to closed-ended real estate funds and to the pension fund and real estate properties in the Bank's balance 
sheet. 
Assets held on the Bank's balance sheet received in lieu of payment (real estate assets only) decreased 
from EUR 1,020 million as at 31 December 2019 to 809 million as at 31 December 2020 (impairments 
of EUR 184 million as at 31 December 2019 and 141 million as at 31 December 2020). The coverage 
of assets received in lieu of payment stood at 18.0% as at 31 December 2019 and 17.4% as at 31 
December 2020. In 31 December 2020, the Bank sold 2,414 properties, from its stock of properties, for 
EUR 302 million, above its book value of EUR 278 million. 
The exposure to closed-end investment funds, whose units were received following operations where 
properties were recovered in lieu of payment and that, in accordance with IAS/IFRS, were subject to 
consolidation, represented EUR 310 million as at 31 December 2020 (EUR 371 million as at 31 
December 2019). The item Investment Properties includes the amount EUR 7.9 million as at 31 
December 2020 and EUR 13.3 million as at 31 December 2019, concerning properties held by Fundo 
de Investimento Imobiliário Imosotto Acumulação, by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Imorenda 
and by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado Gestimo. 
The Bank also performed a set of transactions involving the sale of financial assets for funds specialising 
in the recovery of loans, including Fundo Recuperação Turismo FCR, Fundo Reestruturação 
Empresarial FCR, FLIT, Fundo Recuperação FCR, Fundo Aquarius FCR, Discovery Real Estate Fund 
and Fundo Vega FCR. 
The item Properties, which includes the real estate booked in the pension fund's financial statements 
and used by Group companies, in the pension fund amounted to EUR 240 million recorded as at 31 
December 2020, and EUR 245 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Accordingly, the Bank is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market.  A significant devaluation 
of prices in the Portuguese real estate market would lead to impairment losses in the assets directly held 
and to an increased exposure to counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in 
pension fund assets retained by the Bank, adversely affecting the Bank's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  Mortgage loans represented 47.5% of the total loan portfolio as at 31 
December 2020) (47.6% as at 31 December 2019), with a low delinquency level and an average loan-
to-value ratio of 60%.  Although Portugal did not face a housing bubble during the recent financial 
crisis as did other European countries, such as Ireland and Spain, the economic and financial crisis still 
had an impact on the real estate market.  Portuguese banks are granting a low amount of new mortgage 
loans with very low spreads, and real estate developers have encountered a difficult market for sales.  
Moreover, there was a reduction in public works activity that severely affected construction companies, 
which had to redirect their activities to foreign markets.  Furthermore, difficult credit conditions 
associated with the contraction of tourism have affected certain real estate developers that had been 
involved with tourism related projects, in particular in the southern part of Portugal.  All of the 
aforementioned effects have increased delinquency among construction companies and real estate 
developers, impacting the Bank's NPEs (loans only) and contributing to the increase in impairment 
charges. 
The current and future recession scenario, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, may result in the need 
to adjust housing prices downwards, especially if there is a more significant than expected economic 
impact after the termination of public and private support measures. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to an increase in 
impairment losses in the assets held directly and in the participating units of the restructuring funds, 
and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension

--- Page 39 ---
39 
fund assets retained by the Bank.  Any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank holds units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to 
potential depreciation, for which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no 
secondary market. 
The Bank performed a set of transactions comprising the sale of financial assets (namely loans to 
customers) to funds specialising in loan recovery.  These funds manage the companies or the assets 
received as collateral with the objective of achieving a pro-active management through the 
implementation of operation/valuation plans of such companies.  The financial assets sold through these 
transactions were removed from the Bank's balance sheet, as the transactions result in the transfer of a 
substantial portion of the risks and benefits associated with the assets to the funds, in addition to any 
control exercised thereof. 
The funds specialised in credit recovery that purchased the financial assets from the Group are closed-
end funds, wherein the participants have no ability to request the reimbursement of their investment 
throughout the useful life of the fund.  Furthermore, given their intrinsic characteristics and those of the 
underlying assets, there is no secondary market operating for the participation units, which makes their 
sale to third parties very unlikely. 
These participation units are held by several banks, which are the sellers of the loans, in proportions 
that vary through the useful life of the funds, guaranteeing however that no bank may hold more than 
50% of each fund's capital. 
The Bank's total exposure to funds specialised in the recovery of loans was EUR 828 million as at 
31 December 2020.  For further details on this topic, please also see "The Bank is exposed to market 
risk, which could result in the devaluation of investment holdings or affect its trading results." 
A possible deterioration in the prospects for recovery of the loans transferred to specialised closed-end 
funds may result in the devaluation of the net assets attributable to unit holders ("NAV") of the held 
participation units that cannot be sold, leading to additional impairments.  As a consequence of the 
negative impacts of COVID-19, especially considering the higher impact of the pandemic in economic 
sectors such as tourism and real estate (two of the most represented sectors in the loans transferred to 
these funds), there is the risk of depreciation of the NAV of the participation units held by the Bank, as 
well as a delay in the sale of the units of corporate restructuring funds. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to counterparty risk, including credit risk of its counterparties. 
The Bank routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers 
and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional 
clients. 
Sovereign credit pressures may weigh on Portuguese financial institutions, limiting their funding 
options and weakening their capital adequacy by reducing the market value of their sovereign and other 
fixed income holdings.  These liquidity concerns have adversely impacted, and may continue to 
adversely impact, interim institutional financial transactions in general.  Concerns about, or a default 
by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions, as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be 
closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other relationships.  Many of the routine 
transactions the Bank enters into expose it to significant credit risk in the event of default by one of its 
significant counterparties.  Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-side liquidity pressures or losses or ultimately to an inability of the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Bank to repay its debt.  In addition, the Bank's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it 
holds cannot be enforced upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the 
loan or derivative exposure.  A default by a significant financial and credit counterparty, or liquidity 
problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Exposure to credit risk may also derive from the collaterals of loans, interbank operations, clearing and 
settlement and trading activities as well as other activities and relationships.  These relationships include 
those with retail customers, brokers and dealers, other commercial banks, investment banks and 
corporate borrowers.  Most of these relationships expose the Bank to credit risk in the event of default 
by the counterparty or customer. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of customers and counterparties of the Bank, a generalised 
deterioration of the Portuguese or global economies or the systemic risk of financial systems due 
primarily to structural imbalance could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's assets and require 
increased impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
As the Bank expands its business activities, penetrates new market segments and adopts or acquires, 
directly or through subsidiaries, new business models, such as consumer lending to new-to-bank 
customers, or franchisee-owned branch networks, it may acquire customers with lower credit quality, 
which, if such new pursuits were to grow and acquire a significant weight in the business portfolio, 
could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank sells capitalisation insurance products with guaranteed principal and unit linked products, 
exposing the Bank to reputational risk in its role as seller, and financial risk indirectly arising from 
the Group's shareholding in Millenniumbcp Ageas. 
Off-balance sheet customer funds, as at 31 December 2020 totalled EUR 19.7 billion, consisting of 
assets under management (EUR 6.1 billion), assets placed with customers (EUR 5.4 billion) and 
insurance products (EUR 8.2 billion), including unit linked products (EUR 2.4 billion) and 
capitalisation insurance (EUR 5.5 billion), with only the latter being able to ensure capital or a minimum 
income. 
All financial insurances are predominantly placed with retail investors, those being in their majority 
issued and accounted by Millenniumbcp Ageas (in which the Bank has a 49% shareholding) and 
registered by the equity method.  Therefore, adverse changes in the underlying assets, a general 
deterioration of the global economy, or the systemic risk of financial systems due to structural 
imbalances may affect the recovery and value of such assets, entailing reputational risks for the Bank 
as a seller of these products as well as financial risks indirectly arising out of the shareholding held by 
the Group in Millenniumbcp Ageas.  Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of interest rate repricing of credit granted to customers. 
Mortgage loans represented 47.5% of BCP's total loan portfolio at the amortized cost (consolidated) as 
at 31 December 2020.  The average spread of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal stood at 1.31%; 
46.2% of the balance of mortgage loans had spreads under 1%.  As at 31 December 2020, 62% of the 
contracts and 46% of the balance of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal were indexed to EURIBOR 
3 months and 8% of the contracts and 7% of the balance of the portfolio were indexed to EURIBOR 6 
months. 
The Bank, along with other banks in Portugal, limited the granting of new mortgage loans.  In 31 
December 2020, 16,035 new mortgage credit operations were contracted with an average spread of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
1.18%, compared to 18,392 new mortgage credit operations contracted with an average spread of 1.37% 
in 2019.  The Bank cannot unilaterally change the contractual terms of the loans that make up its 
portfolio of mortgage loans and it has proven extremely difficult to negotiate the extension of the 
maturity of these contracts.  The resulting limitation of this contractual rigidity has a significant impact 
on net interest income.  In addition, given the current low demand for credit by companies (not 
considering the recent increase related to credit lines with government guarantee, created as a support 
measure for the crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic), the Bank may also experience 
difficulties in changing the mix of its loan portfolio which would make it difficult to offset the impact 
of reduced spreads on mortgages in the average spread of the loan portfolio. 
After a period in which banks implemented policies of interest rate repricing on loans, mainly directed 
at loans to companies, a reduction of corporate and consumer loans spreads may be observed in the 
future, given the weak credit dynamics in the Portuguese corporate sector and the increasing 
competition in the banking sector.  This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  Furthermore, a continuation of the historically 
low interest rate environment may adversely affect the Bank's net interest income, which in turn would 
likely have an adverse effect on the Bank's profitability. 
Financial problems faced by the Bank's customers could adversely affect the Bank. 
Continued market turmoil and poor economic growth, particularly in Portugal and in other European 
countries, as well as a slower than expected economic recovery from the pandemic crisis, could have 
an adverse effect on the liquidity, the activity and/or the financial conditions of the Bank's customers, 
which could in turn further impair the Bank's loan portfolio. 
The Bank's customers' levels of savings and credit demand are dependent on consumer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economies in countries where the Bank operates, and the availability 
and cost of funding.  In addition, customers may further significantly decrease their risk tolerance to 
non-deposit based investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds.  This would adversely affect 
the Bank's fee and commission income.  Any of the conditions described above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
The Bank faces strong competition in its main areas of activity, notably in the retail business. 
The Portuguese banking market is well developed, containing major national and foreign competitors 
which follow multi-product, multi-channel and multi-segment approaches and are, in general, highly 
sophisticated.  Over recent years, there have been significant developments of banking operations 
through the internet and the use of new technology that have enabled banks to assess the needs of their 
customers with greater accuracy and efficiency.  These factors have contributed to an increase in 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector, with new entrants such as Bankinter and Banco CTT who 
may adopt aggressive commercial practices in order to gain market share.  The sale process of Novo 
Banco could add to increased competition as the bank was acquired by an institution with no prior 
presence in the Portuguese banking system.  Furthermore, many Portuguese banks are dedicated to 
increasing their market shares by launching new products, implementing cross-selling strategies and 
engaging in more aggressive commercial strategies.  Additional integration of European financial 
markets may contribute to increased competition, particularly in the areas of asset management, 
investment banking, and online banking and brokerage services. 
In 2020, the Bank had 2.4 million active customers in Portugal and, the market share in Portugal 
(estimates based on figures disclosed by Banco de Portugal and other banking industry associations for 
aggregates of the financial system and with adjustments for statistical standardisation) was the 
following: 17.5% in loans to customers, 18.7% in loans to companies, 15.6% in loans to individuals, 
17.0% in mortgage loans, 8.6% in consumer credit, 19.4% in customer funds, 18.2% in on-balance sheet 
customer funds, 18.1% in deposits and 23.1% in off-balance sheet customer funds.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
The Bank's financial success depends on its capacity to maintain high levels of loyalty among its 
customer base and to offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its 
customers.  However, high levels of competition in Portugal, as well as in other countries where the 
Bank operates and an increased emphasis on cost reduction may result in the Bank's inability to maintain 
these objectives.  In addition, on 31 December 2020 the Bank operated 478 branches, working towards 
its goal of becoming a more digital bank.  This resulted in the downsizing of the Bank's branch network 
and consequently in BCP's branches' market share in Portugal.  This may result in a weaker competitive 
position in the Portuguese retail market.  As a consequence, this could have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, as at 31 December 2020, around 4.3% of the Bank's total domestic customers also held 
ordinary shares of the Bank (around 4.5% as at 31 December 2019).  If the price of the Bank's ordinary 
shares continues to decline, this could lead to shareholder dissatisfaction and, to the extent that such 
shareholders are also customers of the Bank, this could result in broader customer dissatisfaction, any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
There is no assurance that the Bank will be able to compete effectively, or that it will be able to maintain 
or improve its operational results.  Such inability to compete or maintain results could also lead to a 
reduction in net interest income, fees and other income of the Bank, any of which could have a further 
significant material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank may generate lower revenues from commissions and fee-based businesses. 
In 2020, more than 80% of the fees and commissions were related to banking (23% to cards and 
transfers, 21% to loans and guarantees, 17% to bancassurance, 19% to customer account related fees 
and 2% to other fees and commissions), with market related fees and commissions accounting for the 
remaining.  A decrease in the volume of lending transactions that the Bank executes with its customers 
could result in lower commissions derived from banking operations and guarantees.  Moreover, changes 
to market sentiment could lead to market downturns that are likely to impact transactional volume, 
therefore leading to declines in the Bank's fees.  In addition, as the fees that the Bank charges for 
managing its' clients' portfolios are, in many cases, based on the value or performance of those 
portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the value of the Bank's clients' portfolios or increases the 
amount of withdrawals would reduce the revenue the Bank receives from its asset management, private 
banking and custody services.  Revenue derived from the Bank's asset management business could also 
be impacted by below market performance by the Bank's securities investment funds, which could lead 
to increased withdrawals and reduced inflows.  An increase in withdrawals and a reduction in inflows 
could have a significant material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the level of Portuguese (and global) 
economic activity, directly affecting the Bank’s capacity to generate banking fees and commissions, 
which are highly dependent on transactional volume. 
Downgrades in the Bank's credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing funds and make the 
Bank's ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult. 
The Bank's ratings are assigned by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and any entity that is part of DBRS group and any successor to 
the relevant rating agency.  The ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the following: (a) 
Moody's: "Ba1 (long-term)/NP (short-term)" (re-presented as at 26 July 2019), (b) S&P: "BB (long-
term)/B (short-term)" (re-presented as at 9 October 2018), (c) Fitch: "BB (long-term)/B (short-term)"

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(re-presented as at 6 December 2018) and (d) the relevant DBRS entity: "BBB(low) (long-term)/R-2 
(middle) (short-term)" (re-presented as at 3 June 2019). 
Credit ratings represent an important component of the Bank's liquidity profile and affect the cost and 
other terms upon which the Bank is able to obtain funding.  Changes to the Bank's credit ratings reflect, 
apart from changes to the rating of the Portuguese Republic, a series of factors intrinsic to the Bank.  
Currently, the ratings assigned to the Bank, with the exception of the Critical Obligations Ratings 
("COR") assigned by the relevant DBRS entity, are non-investment grade.  In terms of capital, and 
despite the fact that the rating agencies recognise that the solvency levels of the Bank are better 
primarily due to the recapitalisation by the Portuguese State and by shareholders in June and September 
2012, respectively, and more recently in July 2014, June 2015, November 2016 and the start of 2017, 
and the repayment of the GSIs, it remains uncertain whether adverse conditions of the Portuguese 
economy could impact the Bank's profitability and ability to generate income, jeopardising the Bank's 
ability to preserve capital.  The rating agencies also consider the following additional risk factors: (i) 
the declining quality of the loan portfolio and any exposure to small and medium enterprises ("SME") 
in Portugal; (ii) the Bank's exposure to public debt; (iii) the Bank's exposure to its main clients, 
particularly shareholders (4.3% of BCP's shareholders were also clients of BCP as at 31 December 
2020); and (iv) continued resort to funding from the ECB. 
Rating agencies have been recently revising the ratings of the European banks in different geographies 
due to the disruption caused by the COVID-19 outbreak and a reassessment of the Portuguese market 
by some rating agencies was already done. There is no guarantee that further rating actions or outlook 
revisions will not be made in the future. 
Any downgrade in the Bank's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral eligible for funding 
by the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding costs.  Under such 
circumstances, the Bank may need to reinitiate its deleveraging process and reduce its activities, which 
could have a negative impact on the Bank's ratings.  Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Portuguese Republic is regularly subject to rating reviews by the rating agencies, which could 
affect the funding of the economy and the Bank's activity. 
The rating agencies Standard & Poor's, Moody's, Fitch Ratings and DBRS have downgraded the long 
and short-term ratings of the Portuguese Republic on several occasions since the beginning of the 
financial crisis due to the uncertainties and risks of a prolonged recession, the outlook for modest GDP 
growth, high levels of unemployment, limited fiscal flexibility, the high leverage of the private sector 
and the level of sustainability of Portuguese public debt. The long term ratings of the Portuguese 
Republic as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: Moody's (Baa3/Positive), Standard & 
Poor's (BBB/Stable), Fitch Ratings (BBB/Stable) and DBRS (BBB(high)/Stable). 
Portuguese Republic credit ratings represent an important component condition to the Bank's own credit 
ratings given the connection between the rating of the sovereign and the rating of banking institutions 
in the rating agencies methodologies. 
Any downgrade in the Portuguese Republic's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral 
eligible for funding by the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding 
costs, would worsen the economy's funding conditions and would have a negative effect on the Bank's 
credit risk and consequently on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and 
Mozambique). 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its operations in Poland and Mozambique, as well as a result of its 
equity accounted holding in Angola via Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. ("BMA"), whose 
materialisation in the future may have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of the Bank. 
In 2020, the Bank's net profit (after income taxes and non-controlling interests) attributable to 
international operations was EUR 48.5 million, compared to net profits (after income taxes and non-
controlling interests) of a total EUR 183.0 million for the Bank as a whole.  For the same period, net 
income in Poland was EUR 5.1 million, (EUR 2.6 million of which was attributable to the Bank), net 
contribution in Angola was EUR -7.2 million and net income in Mozambique was EUR 66.8 million 
(of which EUR 44.6 million was attributable to the Bank). 
Poland 
There is the risk that the implementation of more economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, 
targeting the banking system by Polish authorities could negatively affect investors' confidence and the 
economic activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
The removal of the peg of the EUR/CHF parity led to a significant appreciation of the Swiss franc 
("CHF") against the euro and the zloty.  The granting of loans in Swiss francs was a common practice 
of most Polish banks (and in other economies of Central and Eastern Europe) in the past.  Bank 
Millennium granted mortgage loans in Swiss Francs until December 2008 and its Swiss francs mortgage 
loans portfolio on 31 December 2020 stood at approximately EUR 3.0 billion (approximately 17% of 
the total loan portfolio in Poland).  The mortgage loans impaired ratio (stage 3) 2 stood at 2.5% in 2020 
which compares to 2.7% in 2019. 
According to the Polish Bank Association (ZBP), during 2019, over 70% of the lawsuits regarding FX-
indexed mortgage loans obtained a final verdict favourable to the banks involved.  However, after the 
CJEU judgment regarding Case C-260/18 issued on 3 October 2019, the trend of court rulings, that had 
been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse.  See the risk factor "The Bank is exposed to risks 
related to FX-indexed mortgage loans" for further information. 
Emerging Markets 
Angola and Mozambique present specific political, economic, fiscal, legal, regulatory and social risks 
that differ from those found in countries with European economic and political systems, including, but 
not limited to, those related to political and social environments, different business practices, logistical 
challenges, shortages of skilled labour, trade restrictions, macroeconomic imbalances and security 
challenges, which may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group's operations are currently exposed in particular to the political and economic conditions of 
Angola and Mozambique.  These conditions also relate to the fact that structural improvements are still 
needed in many sectors in these markets, including transportation, energy, agriculture and mineral 
sectors, as well as land, social and fiscal reforms.  Some of these markets may also suffer from 
geopolitical conflict, while a number of African states have unresolved political differences internally, 
regionally and/or internationally. 
                                                     
2 As used in this Base Prospectus, "Mortgage loans impaired ratio (stage 3)" means the ratio of mortgage loans classified as 
stage 3 (impaired loans) divided by total mortgage loans.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
The Bank's operations in Mozambique and Angola markets may involve protracted negotiations with 
host governments, companies or other local entities and may be subject to instability arising from 
political, economic, military or legal disturbances.  Both Mozambique and Angola impose certain 
restrictions due primarily to exchange policy controls and capital flows to and from other jurisdictions 
are likewise subject to such controls and restrictions.  Therefore, the ability to transfer U.S. dollars and 
euro directly from local banks, including the repatriation of profits, is subject to official vetting.  
Transfers above a threshold amount may require government approval, which may not be obtained or 
may be subject to delays. 
Any reduction in profits or increase in the responsibilities associated with the Bank's international 
operations may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of the Bank. 
Mozambique 
According to an IMF statement dated 23 April 2016, existing debt guaranteed by the State of 
Mozambique in an amount over USD 1 billion that had not been disclosed to the IMF.  Following this 
disclosure, the economic program supported by the IMF was suspended.  According to an IMF 
statement dated 13 December 2016, discussions were initiated on a possible new agreement with the 
Government of Mozambique and the terms of reference for an external audit were agreed. 
In June 2017, the Attorney General's Office of the Republic of Mozambique published an Executive 
Summary regarding the abovementioned external audit.  On 24 June 2017, the IMF released in a 
statement that due to the existence of information gaps in this audit, an IMF mission would visit the 
country to discuss audit results and possible follow-up measures.  Following this visit, the IMF 
requested the Government of Mozambique to obtain additional information on the use of the funds. 
On 14 December 2017, in a statement from the IMF staff, after the end of the mission held between 30 
November and 13 December 2017, it was reiterated the need for the Mozambican State to provide 
missing information.  In the statement of the Mozambican Attorney General's Office dated 29 January 
2018, it is mentioned, among other things, that the Public Prosecutor submitted to the Administrative 
Court, on 26 January 2018, a complaint regarding the financial responsibility of public managers and 
companies participated by the State, participants in the execution and management of contracts for 
financing, supplying and providing services related to debts not disclosed to the IMF. 
As at 31 December 2020, Millennium bim's exposure to the State of Mozambique classified as Financial 
assets measured at amortised cost – Debt Instruments amount to EUR 568 million and Financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income in the gross amount of EUR 57.9 million.  These 
public debt securities mostly have a maturity of less than one year.  As at 31 December 2020, the Group 
has also registered in the balance Loans and advances to customers, a direct gross exposure to the 
Mozambican State in the amount of EUR 238.9 million (of which EUR 238.9 million are denominated 
in metical and EUR 2 thousand denominated in USD) and an indirect exposure resulting from sovereign 
guarantees received in the amount of EUR 98.0 million denominated in USD and in the balance 
Guarantees granted and irrevocable commitments, an amount of EUR 64.8 million (of which EUR 1.6 
million are denominated in Metical, EUR 59.6 million denominated in USD, EUR 161 thousand are 
denominated in euros and EUR 3.4 million denominated in Rands). 
As at 31 December 2020, considering the 66.7% indirect investment in Millennium bim, the Group's 
interest in Millennium bim's equity amounted to EUR 275 million, with the exchange translation reserve 
associated with this participation, accounted in Group's consolidated equity, a negative amount of EUR 
230 million.  Millennium bim's contribution to consolidated net income in 2020, attributable to the 
shareholders of the Bank, amounts to EUR 44.6 million.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Any of the foregoing may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Angola 
Angola's new government, which was elected in August 2017, has been taking important policy actions 
aimed at mitigating the impact of the oil price shock, restore macroeconomic stability and pave the way 
for sustainable growth, namely by enacting strategies conducive to a more diversified economic 
structure, to the safety of the banking system and to a more flexible exchange rate regime.  On request 
of Angolan government, on 7 December 2018, the IMF approved a three-year program to support 
Angola's economic reform program (IMF, Press Release No. 18/463), which amounts to USD 3.7 
billion. 
Any material relapse in the price of oil/or any slippages in the implementation of the structural reforms 
and measures agreed with the IMF under the economic reform programme could lead to a worsening 
of its economic and financial conditions and derail the gradual recovery projections.  Any of the 
foregoing may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank's highly liquid assets may not cover liabilities to its customer base. 
The Bank's main source of funding is its customer deposits (90% of the Bank's funding as at 31 
December 2019).  However, the persistence of interest rates at historically low levels (that are negative 
in some cases) over the past few years has resulted in the Bank investing deposits into instruments with 
higher potential yield.  The Bank's other possible funding sources include money market instruments, 
medium and long term bonds, covered bonds, commercial paper, medium term structured products and 
the securitisation of its loan portfolio.  The Bank has increasingly strengthened its own funds through 
capital increases (the most recent ones, amounting to EUR 1.33 billion and EUR 174.6 million through 
the Rights Offering and the private placement of 157,437,395 new shares, subscribed by Chiado, an 
affiliate of Fosun, completed in February 2017 and November 2016 respectively, following the capital 
increase amounting to EUR 481.2 million as a result of the public offer of securities, completed in June 
2015, the share capital increases in cash of EUR 2.25 billion completed in July 2014  and the share 
capital increase of EUR 500 million completed in October 2012) and the June 2012 GSIs of EUR 3 
billion (which GSIs have, as of 9 February 2017, been repaid in full). 
The Bank's LCR and the NSFR recorded as at 31 December 2020 were 230% and 140%, respectively, 
compared to a regulatory requirement of 100% (fully implemented) for both ratios.  The leverage ratio 
stood at 6.7% (fully implemented) as at 31 December 2020, compared to a reference value of 3% (fully 
implemented). 
In case the Bank is unable to maintain its buffer of liquid assets, its ability to repay its liabilities will be 
limited, which may represent a substantial adverse effect in its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The results of additional stress tests could result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public 
confidence in the Group. 
National and international regulators, including the IMF, the ECB and the EBA, have been conducting 
stress tests on the banking sector.  In an EU-wide stress test conducted by the EBA in 2018, the Bank's 
capital depletion under the hypothetical adverse scenario used was below the average suffered by the 
48 major European banks that were tested directly by the EBA (-300 basis points of CET1 capital, 
versus an average depletion of -395 basis points for the EBA banks).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
The disclosure of the results of these stress tests may also result in a reduction in confidence in a 
particular bank or the banking system as a whole.  The Bank cannot exclude the need for additional 
provisions for impairments.  Consequently, new stress tests could adversely affect the cost of funding 
for the Bank and have a materially adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
As a consequence of SREP, excluding P2G, the minimum Group CET1 phased-in ratio required is 
8.83% (4.5% Pillar 1, 1.27% Pillar 2 requirements, 2.5% CBR and 0.563% O-SIFI), the Group Tier 1 
ratio is 10.75% and the Group total capital ratio is 13.31% from 31 December 2020.  The Group's CET1 
(fully implemented), Tier 1 and total capital ratios as at 31 December 2020 were 12.2%, 13.4% and 
15.6%, respectively. 
SREP may increase and an additional cushion may be requested.  In addition, Polish SREP requirements 
for 2021 are as follows: CET1 phased-in ratio required is 9.13%, the Tier 1 is 11.27% and the total 
capital ratio is 14.10% from 1 January 2020.  Bank Millennium's CET1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios 
as at 31 December 2020 were 16.5%, 16.5% and 19.5%, respectively.  
The coverage of pension fund liabilities could be insufficient, which would require an increase in 
contributions, and the computation of additional actuarial losses could be influenced by changes to 
assumptions. 
The Bank has undertaken the obligation to pay pensions to its employees upon retirement or due to 
disability and other obligations, in accordance with the terms established in the Collective Labour 
Agreement of the Banking Sector.  The Bank's liabilities are primarily covered by the pension fund, 
which is managed by Ageas - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A.  The total number of the 
pension fund participants was 27,431 as at 31 December 2020 and 27,557 as at 31 December 2019. 
The liabilities related to retirement pensions and other employee benefits were wholly funded at levels 
above the minimum limits defined by Banco de Portugal, presenting a coverage level of 103% at the 
end of December 2020 (100% as at 31 December 2019).  As at 31 December 2020, the liabilities related 
to the pension fund and other employee benefits reached EUR 3,658 million, compared with EUR 3,490 
million recorded as at 31 December 2019.  In 2020, the pension fund recorded a positive 5.8% rate of 
return, whereas in 2019 it stood at positive 8.1%. 
Regulation (EU) No. 475/2012, of 5 June 2012, as amended or superseded from time to time, which 
amended IAS 19, eliminated the option to defer the recognition of gains and losses, which is known as 
the corridor method. 
The level of coverage of pension fund liabilities could turn out to be insufficient.  If the deterioration of 
global financial markets leads to lower investment income and, consequently, a lower value of the fund, 
this would result in actuarial losses for the year, which would be recognised against reserves in the 
financial year in which they were recorded.  As at 31 December 2018, the Bank used a discount rate of 
2.1% to measure its liability for the defined benefit pension plans of its employees and managers, and 
a 1.4% rate in its accounts as at 31 December 2019.  In the financial statements with reference to 31 
December 2020, the discount rate was at 1.05% and the pension growth rate 0.5%.  The Bank shall re-
evaluate the adequacy of its actuarial assumptions for the calculation of its liabilities with pensions on 
a semi-annual basis.  A decrease in level of the interest rates for the liabilities liquidation deadline or 
an increase in the pensions growth rate would imply a decrease in the Bank's own capital.  A decrease 
of 25 bps in the discount rate results in a decrease of around EUR 153 million in the Bank's own capital, 
excluding the tax effect.  An increase of 25 bps in the pensions' growth rate results implies a reduction 
of around EUR 144 million in the Bank's own capital, excluding the tax effect. 
Actuarial gains and losses resulting from the differences between the assumptions used and actual 
values (experience gains and losses) and the changes in the actuarial assumptions are recognised against

--- Page 48 ---
48 
shareholder equity.  In 2020, actuarial differences were recorded representing negative EUR 89 million 
(negative EUR 285 million as at 31 December 2019).  If there are shortfalls in the pension fund's rate 
of return, the Bank may have to increase its contributions, which would have an impact on the Bank's 
regulatory capital ratios.  The Bank cannot guarantee that changes will not take place in the actuarial 
assumptions relating to the pension obligations and other employee benefits.  Any changes in the 
assumptions could lead to additional actuarial losses which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Finally, the value of assets that are part of the pension fund depends on the future evolution of capital 
markets and of the real estate market, both of which could be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and 
heightened uncertainty about the magnitude and duration of the outbreak. 
A decline in capital and real estate markets could cause the value of the portfolio's assets to become 
insufficient to cover the liabilities assumed by the pension fund, adversely affecting capital ratios and 
the Bank's business, financial condition, own capital and prospects. 
The Bank may not be able to generate income to recover deferred taxes.  Potential dilution of the 
shareholders' position may result from the conversion into capital of a potential special reserve that 
may have to be established according to the applicable legal framework, in particular in the case of 
negative net individual results.  Changes in the law or a different interpretation of the relevant 
provisions of law may have an adverse impact on the capital ratio. 
The Bank's deferred tax assets ("DTAs") (on a consolidated basis) as at 31 December 2020 
corresponded to EUR 2,627 million, compared to EUR 2,710 million as at 31 December 2019, and were 
generated by tax losses and temporary differences.  The most notable sources of the Bank's DTAs non-
dependent on future profitability are impairment losses amounting to EUR 983 million and related 
employee benefits amounting to EUR 837 million. 
Deferred taxes are calculated on the basis of the tax rates which are expected to be applicable at the 
time of the reversal of the temporary differences, which correspond to the approved or substantially 
approved rates at the time of the balance sheet.  Assets and liabilities for deferred taxes are presented 
for their net value when, pursuant to the applicable laws, current tax assets may be compensated with 
current tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same tax. 
If the Bank is not able to generate enough taxable income to enable the absorption of the tax losses 
carry forward and the temporary differences deductible for tax purposes, the deferred taxes may not be 
recovered. 
Additionally, the Bank may be forced to alter its evaluation as a result of corrections to the taxable 
income or to tax losses that it may be subject to or as a result of reductions of the tax rates. 
The recoverability of DTAs depends on the implementation of the strategy of the Bank's Board of 
Directors, namely the generation of estimated taxable income and its interpretation of tax legislation.  
Any changes in the assumptions used in estimating future profits or tax legislation may have material 
impacts on deferred tax assets. 
The assessment of the recoverability of DTAs was carried based on the respective financial statements 
prepared under the budget process for 2021 and adjusted according to the strategic plan approved by 
the elected governing bodies, which support future taxable income, considering the macroeconomic and 
competitive environment. 
In accordance with the amendments provided for in Law No. 27-A/2020, of July, under Supplementary 
Budget for 2020, the reporting period for tax losses in Portugal, is now 14 years for the losses of 2014, 
2015 and 2016 and 7 years for the tax losses of 2017, 2018 and 2019. The tax losses calculated in 2020

--- Page 49 ---
49 
and 2021 have a reporting period of 12 years, which may be deducted until 2032 and 2033 respectively. 
The limit for the deduction of tax losses is increased from 70% to 80%, when the difference results 
from the deduction of tax losses determined in the tax periods of 2020 and 2021. 
To estimate taxable profits for the period of 2021 to 2033, the following main assumptions were 
considered: 
That the Group will benefit from the 5 year adaptation period provided for in Law No. 98/2019, of 4 
September 2019, starting on 1 January 2019. As such, the Group will be subject to the previous legal 
regime during such adaptation period.  In the application of these rules, the following assumptions were 
considered, in general terms: 
a) 
non-deductible expenses related to increase of credit impairments for the years between 
2021 to 2023 were estimated based on the average percentage of non-deducted amounts 
for tax purposes in the last accounting years between 2016 to 2020, compared to the 
amounts of net impairment increases recorded in these years; 
b) 
the expenses with credit impairment's increases beginning in 2024 were considered 
deductible for tax purposes according to the new fiscal regime; 
c) 
impairment reversals not accepted for tax purposes were estimated based on the 
Reduction Plan of Non-Performing Assets 2019-2021 submitted to the supervisory 
authority in March 2019, updated in June 2020, and also on the average reversal 
percentage observed in the last years of 2016 to 2020; 
d) 
the referred average percentages were calculated separately, according to the presence 
or not of a mortgage security, the eligibility for the special regime applicable to deferred 
tax assets and according to the clients' rating as Non-Performing Exposures; 
e) 
the deductions related to impairment of financial assets were projected based on the 
destination (sale or settlement) and the estimated date of the respective operations;  
f) 
reversals of impairment of non-financial assets not accepted for tax purposes were 
projected taking into account the expected periods of disinvestment in certain real 
estate. For the remaining assets without a forecasted term for disinvestment, the 
reversals were estimated based on the average percentage of reversal observed in the 
years from 2016 to 2020. Non-deductible expenses related to the reinforcement of 
impairment of non-financial assets were estimated based on the average percentage of 
amounts not deducted for tax purposes in the years from 2016 to 2020, compared to the 
amounts of reinforcements net of impairment recorded in those years; and 
g) 
the deductions related to employee benefits were projected based on their estimated 
payments or deduction plans, in accordance with information provided by the actuary 
of the pension fund. 
The projections made reflect the effects of changes in the macroeconomic, competitive, and 
legal/regulatory framework caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s strategic priorities remain 
unchanged, although the achievement of the projected financial results will necessarily suffer a time 
delay due, on hand, to the constraints on the development of activity imposed by the crisis and, on the 
other, to the impact that the same crisis will have on the credit and other asset portfolios, with immediate 
repercussions on profitability. To this extent, the projections assume, beyond the initial years of the 
crisis, a convergence towards medium/long-term metrics and trends consistent with commercial 
positioning and the ambitious capture of efficiency gains, to which the Group remains committed, with 
emphasis on:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
a)  
improvement in the net margin, reflecting an effort to increase credit, favouring certain 
segments, the focus on off-balance sheet resources while interest rates remain negative 
and the effect of the normalisation of those rates in the last years of the projection 
horizon, such as results from the market interest rate curve; 
b)  
increase in commission income based on efficient and judicious management of 
commissioning and pricing, and, regarding the Individuals segment, the growth of off-
balance sheet products; 
c)  
normalisation of the cost of risk to levels aligned with the current activity of the Bank 
and reduction of negative impacts produced by the devaluation or sale of noncurrent 
assets, with the progressive reduction of the historical NPE, foreclosed assets and FREs 
(corporate restructuring funds) portfolios; and 
d)  
capturing efficiency gains enhanced by digitalisation, reflected in the control of 
operating costs, but implying in the short term an effort to adapt the Bank's structure. 
The performed analysis allowed the conclusion of total recoverability of the deferred tax assets 
recognized as at 31 December 2020. 
As mentioned previously, for the estimation of the Bank's taxable income until 2023, it was considered 
the maintenance of the tax rules in force until 2018, resulting from not exercising earlier the option of 
applying the new regime.  Regardless the previously referred option, the new regime's application will 
be mandatory in the financial years of 2022 and/or 2023 in the following circumstances: 
a) 
in the financial year of 2022, if, since 1 January 2022, the Bank distributes dividends 
regarding that financial year or acquires own shares, without occurring a decrease of 
the DTAs covered by the optional framework foreseen in Law No. 61/2014, of 26 
August 2014 (as amended by Law 23/2016, the "Law 61/2014") in, at least, 10% 
comparatively to the amount recorded on 31 December 2018; and 
b) 
in the financial year of 2023, if, since 1 January 2023, the Bank distributes dividends 
regarding that financial year or acquires own shares, without occurring a decrease of 
the DTAs covered by Law 61/2014's optional framework in, at least, 20% 
comparatively to the amount recorded on 31 December 2018.  It was assumed that the 
Bank will not exercise its early application over the adaptation period of 5 years. 
Law 61/2014 approved an optional framework, with the possibility of subsequent waiver, according to 
which, upon certain events (including (a) annual net losses on the separate financial statements, as well 
as (b) liquidation as a result of voluntary dissolution, insolvency decided by the court or withdrawal of 
the respective authorisation), the DTAs that have resulted from the non-deduction of expenses and of 
negative asset variations resulting from impairment losses in credits and from post-employment benefits 
or long-term employments, will be converted into tax credits.  In the case of (a), a special reserve must 
be created in the amount of the tax credit resulting from the terms of such Law, enhanced with an 
increase of 10%, which is intended exclusively to be incorporated into the share capital.  The creation 
of such special reserve implies a creation, simultaneously, of conversion rights and of a right to demand 
the issue of shares by the Bank in an amount equivalent to such special reserve granted to the Portuguese 
Republic ("State Rights"), such rights being acquirable by the shareholders through payment to the 
Portuguese State of the same amount.  The tax credits can be offset against tax debts of the beneficiaries 
(or of any entity with head office in Portugal within the same group to which the special regime foreseen 
in the Corporate Tax Code is applicable or within the same prudential consolidation perimeter for the 
purpose of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended 
or superseded from time to time) or reimbursed by the Portuguese Republic.  Due to this framework,

--- Page 51 ---
51 
the recovery of the DTAs covered by Law 61/2014's optional framework is not dependent on future 
profitability. 
Law 23/2016, of 19 August, limited the scope of the regime, determining that tax assets originated in 
expenses or negative asset variations accounted for after 1 January 2016 are not eligible for the optional 
framework.  The framework set out in Law 61/2014 was further developed by (a) Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") 259/2016, of 4 October 2016, on the control and use of the tax credit and (b) Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") 293-A/2016, of 18 November 2016 (as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") 
60/2020, of 5 March 2020), concerning the conditions and proceedings for the acquisition by 
shareholders of the referred State Rights.  Law 98/2019, of 4 September, established a three year 
deadline for the acquisition of the referred State rights by the shareholders, after which the Board of 
Directors of the issuing bank is obliged to promote the record of the share capital increase by the amount 
resulting from the exercise of the conversion rights.  According to this legislation, among other aspects, 
such rights are subject to an acquisition right by the shareholders on the date of their creation exercisable 
in periods to be established by the Board of Directors until three years after the date of the confirmation 
date of the tax credit resulting from the conversion of the deferred tax assets by the Portuguese Tax 
Authorities.  The issuing bank has to deposit in the name of the Portuguese State the amount of the price 
corresponding to the exercise of the acquisition right of all the conversion rights, within three months 
beginning from the confirmation date of the deferred tax assets into tax credit, ahead and independently 
of their acquisition.  Such deposit is redeemed when and to the extent that the State Rights are acquired 
by shareholders or are exercised by the State. 
As disclosed in due course, pursuant to the General Meeting held on 15 October 2014, the Bank adopted 
the optional framework approved by Law 61/2014 described above.  The Group's CET1 ratio, fully 
implemented as at 31 December 2020, corresponds to 12.2% and already incorporates the effects of the 
application of the new framework which became effective on 1 January 2015. 
The Bank's net result (on an individual basis) as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 51 million; there is no 
guarantee that the net result in the following years will be positive. 
If the Bank registers a net loss as at the end of a financial year, on an individual basis, then, under the 
provisions of Law 61/2014, the Portuguese Republic will be granted State Rights, exercisable after the 
mentioned period of up to 3 years, during which shareholders will have the opportunity to acquire such 
conversion rights from the State.  If shares are finally issued pursuant to the exercise of such conversion 
rights, this would dilute the remaining shareholders of the Bank.  Among other factors that may affect 
the recoverability of the deferred tax assets and their composition regarding the deferred tax assets that 
fall within the scope of Law 61/2014, the interpretation of the tax law is relevant, as well as the 
performance of several operations in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
In the 2015 and 2016 financial years, the Bank registered deferred tax assets regarding expenses and 
negative asset variations with post-employment or long-term employment benefits and credit 
impairment losses accounted for up to 31 December 2014, which assets the Bank deems eligible for the 
purposes of the framework approved by Law 61/2014.  A change in law or a different interpretation of 
the law, or the non-performance of the abovementioned operations could have an adverse impact on the 
Bank's capital ratio. 
Any of the aforementioned could result in a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank applied IFRS 9 in the period beginning on 1 January 2018.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
The Bank's ability to achieve certain targets is dependent upon certain assumptions involving factors 
that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and are subject to known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
The achievement of the Bank's internal targets will depend on the verification of assumptions involving 
factors that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and subject to known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may result in management failing to achieve these targets.  
These factors include those described elsewhere in this section and, in particular: 
• 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its strategy; 
• 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its funding and capital plans; 
• 
the successful implementation of economic reforms in Portugal; 
• 
the Bank's ability to access funding in the capital markets; 
• 
the level of the Bank's LLRs against NPEs; 
• 
the Bank's ability to reduce NPEs; 
• 
the quality of the Bank's assets; 
• 
the Bank's ability to reduce costs; 
• 
the financial condition of the Bank's customers; 
• 
reductions to the Bank's ratings; 
• 
growth of the financial markets in the countries in which the Bank operates; 
• 
the Bank's ability to grow internationally; 
• 
future market conditions; 
• 
currency fluctuations; 
• 
the actions of regulators; 
• 
changes to the political, social and regulatory framework in which the Bank operates; 
• 
macroeconomic or technological trends or conditions, including inflation and consumer 
confidence, 
and other risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus.  If one or more of these assumptions is 
inaccurate, the Bank may be unable to achieve one or more of its targets, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank regularly uses financial models in the course of its operations.  These financial models help 
inform the Bank of the value of certain of its assets (such as certain loans, financial instruments, 
including illiquid financial instruments where market prices are not readily available, goodwill or other 
intangible assets) and liabilities (such as the Bank's defined benefit obligations and provisioning) as 
well as the Bank's risk exposure.  These financial models also generally require the Bank to make 
assumptions, judgements and estimates which, in many cases, are inherently uncertain, including

--- Page 53 ---
53 
expected cash flows, the ability of borrowers to service debt, residential and commercial property price 
appreciation and depreciation, and relative levels of defaults.  Such assumptions, judgements and 
estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and market conditions and may result 
in a decrease in the value of, and consequently an impairment of, the Bank's assets, an increase in the 
Bank's liabilities or an increase in the Bank's risk exposure, any of which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  Property prices 
in Portugal have remained largely flat since 2000, particularly in comparison to property prices in Spain. 
In particular, recent historic market volatility and illiquidity has challenged the factual bases of certain 
underlying assumptions and made it difficult to value some of the Bank's financial instruments.  
Decreased valuations reflecting prevailing market conditions, faulty assumptions or illiquidity, may 
result in changes in the fair values of these instruments, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to reputational risks, including those arising from rumours that affect its image 
and customer relations. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Bank's business activity.  Negative public opinion towards the Bank 
or the financial services sector as a whole could result from real or perceived practices in the banking 
sector, such as money laundering, terrorism financing, the fraudulent sale of financial products or breach 
of competition rules, or a departure from the way that the Group conducts, or is perceived to conduct, 
its business.  Negative publicity and negative public opinion, particularly in relation to pending 
litigation or enquiries by regulators that could be resolved against the Bank's favour, could adversely 
affect the Bank's ability to maintain and attract customers and counterparties, the loss of which could 
adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition and future prospects, due, for instance, to a run 
on deposits and subsequent lack of funding sources. 
The Bank may be unable to detect money laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion or tax avoidance 
behaviour by clients, which could be attributed to the Bank.  Failure to manage such risk could lead to 
reputational damage and to financial penalties for failure to comply with required legal procedures or 
other aspects of applicable laws and regulations, which could materially adversely affect the Bank's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Bank has a limited number of customers who are classified as politically exposed persons pursuant 
to the applicable legislation, including Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August 2017, as amended or superseded 
from time to time, and regulatory notices ("Avisos") No. 5/2013, of 18 December 2013, or No. 2/2018, 
of 26 September 2018, of Banco de Portugal (as applicable), as amended or superseded from time to 
time.  Although the Bank exercises increasingly stricter scrutiny of transactions with politically exposed 
persons in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws, the services provided to these individuals 
may expose the Bank to reputational risks, notwithstanding the Bank's compliance with applicable laws. 
Labour disputes or other industrial actions could disrupt Bank operations or make them more costly 
to run. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions.  77.0% of the Group’s 
employees were members of labour unions at the end of 2020 and the Bank may experience strikes, 
work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future.  Any of these actions could, possibly for a 
significant period of time, result in disruption to the Bank's activity and increased salaries and benefits 
granted to employees or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The Bank is exposed to market risk, which could result in the devaluation of investment holdings or 
affect its trading results. 
The performance of the financial markets could cause changes in the value of the Bank's investment 
and trading portfolios.  Changes in the interest rate level, yield curve and spreads could reduce the 
Bank's net interest margin.  Changes in foreign exchange rates could affect the value of its assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and could affect the results of trading. 
The Bank has significant exposure to participation units in closed-end funds.  See further "The Bank 
holds units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to potential 
depreciation, for which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no secondary 
market".  As from 1 January 2018, following the implementation of the IFRS 9, the participation units 
started to be recorded at fair value through profit and loss.  See further "The Bank is subject to changes 
in financial reporting standards, such as IFRS 9 and IFRS 16, or policies, including as a result of 
choices made by the Bank, which could materially and adversely affect the Bank's reported results of 
operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital 
ratios". 
The Bank has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market 
risks to which it is exposed, including the use of derivatives to hedge certain products offered to its 
customers, and the Bank's risk exposure is continuously monitored.  However, it is difficult to accurately 
predict changes in market conditions and to foresee the effects that these changes might have on the 
Bank's financial condition and results of operations.  Any failure in risk management or control policies 
targeting market risk could have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to certain operational risks, which may include interruptions in the services 
provided, errors, fraud attributable to third parties, omissions and delays in the provision of services 
and implementation of requirements for risk management. 
In its normal activity and as a result of its organisational structure, the Bank is subject to certain 
operational risks, including interruptions in the services provided, errors, fraud attributable to third 
parties, and omissions and delays in the provision of services and implementation of requirements for 
risk management.  A majority of the Bank's operational losses in 2020 were caused by external and 
people risks, with a large portion having low material significance, under EUR 100,000 (98% of all 
operational losses Group wide).  In fact, about 61% of the cases recorded in 2020 had a financial impact 
of less than EUR 5,000 each.  The Bank continually monitors operational risks by means of, among 
other actions, advanced administrative and information systems and insurance coverage with respect to 
certain operational risks.  However, it is not possible to guarantee that the monitoring and prevention 
of these risks will be fully effective.  Any lack of success in the implementation of the Bank's risk 
management and control policies could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces technological risks, and a failure in the Bank's information technology systems could 
result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in customer deposits and investments, accounting 
and financial reporting errors and breaches in data security. 
The operations developed by the Group, in Portugal and internationally, have an infrastructure of 
information systems that is externalised, but also common and integrated, promoting higher overall 
efficiency.  The Bank's operations depend heavily on their respective computer processing capabilities, 
especially following the centralisation of the information systems.  Computer processing capabilities 
include record-keeping, financial reporting and other systems, including systems for monitoring points 
of sale and internal accounting systems.  In March 2013, the Bank renewed the outsourcing agreement 
with IBM, which includes the management of computer infrastructures - central system, department

--- Page 55 ---
55 
systems and server farm for systems - some specific areas of application development and IT support 
services to the Bank's organic units. 
Regarding the security of the information systems, the Bank has continued to pursue a strategy aligned 
with good international practices.  However, it is not possible to guarantee to potential investors 
complete identification and timely correction of all problems related to the informational technology 
systems, or systematic success in the implementation of technological improvements.  A failure in the 
Bank's information technology systems could result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in 
customer deposits and investments, accounting and financial reporting errors and breaches in data 
security.  The occurrence of any of the aforementioned events could have a significant and negative 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of changes in the relationship with its partners. 
Some of the Bank's activities are carried out in partnership with other entities that are not under the 
control of the Bank, including Millenniumbcp Ageas.  Therefore, the Bank does not have the ability to 
control the decisions of these entities or ensure full compliance with the agreements that established 
such partnerships.  Any decision or action by these entities and/or their breach of such agreements may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  For further details on the Bank's strategic partnerships, please see 
"Description of the Business of the Group". 
Transactions in the Bank's own portfolio involve risks. 
The Bank carries out various proprietary treasury activities, including the placement of deposits 
denominated in Euro and other currencies in the interbank market, as well as trading in primary and 
secondary markets for government securities.  The management of the Bank's own portfolio includes 
taking positions in fixed income and equity markets, both via spot market and through derivative 
products and other financial instruments.  Despite the Bank's limited level of involvement in these 
activities, trading on account of its own portfolio carries risks, since its results depend partly on market 
conditions.  A reduction in the value of financial assets held due primarily to market conditions, or any 
other such conditions outside the control of the Bank, could require a corresponding loss recognition 
that may impact the Bank's balance sheet.  Moreover, the Bank relies on a vast range of risk reporting 
and internal management tools in order to be able to report its exposure to such transactions correctly 
and in due time.  Future results arising from trading on account of its own portfolio will depend partly 
on market conditions, and the Bank may incur significant losses resulting from adverse changes in the 
fair value of financial assets, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Hedging operations carried out by the Bank may not be adequate to prevent losses. 
The Bank carries out hedging transactions to reduce its exposure to different types of risks associated 
with its business.  Many of its hedging strategies are based on historical patterns of transactions and 
correlations.  Consequently, unexpected market developments might negatively affect the Bank's 
hedging strategies. 
Furthermore, the Bank does not hedge all of its risk exposure in all market environments or against all 
types of risks and in some cases a hedge may not be available to the Bank.  Moreover, the way that 
gains or losses arising from certain ineffective hedges are recognised may result in additional volatility 
in its reported earnings.  The Group employs derivatives and other financial instruments to hedge its 
exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange risk resulting from financing and investment activities.  
Hedging derivatives are recognised at their fair value and the profits and losses resulting from their 
valuation are recognised against the results.  The Bank may still incur losses from changes in the fair 
value of derivatives and other financial instruments that qualify as fair value hedges.  If any of its

--- Page 56 ---
56 
hedging instruments or strategies are inefficient, the Bank could incur losses which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces exchange rate risk related to its international operations. 
All of the Bank's international operations are directly or indirectly exposed to exchange rate risk, which 
could adversely affect the Bank's results.  Any devaluation of these currencies relative to the Euro could 
have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As at 31 December 2020, the loans-to-deposits ratio in Poland and Mozambique was 91% and 32%, 
respectively.  The Bank's loan portfolio also includes loans in foreign currency, where the losses are 
assumed by customers and recorded in the profit and loss account under impairment.  The use of funding 
in foreign currency in some countries of Eastern Europe exposes some of the Bank's customers to 
exchange rate risk, affecting the financial condition of these entities and, consequently, the net income 
of the Bank.  Although Bank Millennium stopped granting new foreign currency loans in Poland by the 
end of 2008, it still holds a considerable loan portfolio in foreign currency, mainly in Swiss francs (as 
at 31 December 2020), 17.4% of the total loan portfolio in Poland and 35% of the total mortgage loan 
book in Poland), and therefore the Bank's net income could be significantly affected by the need to 
undertake additional payments for impairment in the loan portfolio and by the high cost of zloty swaps.  
On 15 January 2015, the Swiss National Bank discontinued its minimum exchange rate which had been 
set at EUR/CHF 1.20 in September 2011.  Simultaneously, the Swiss National Bank lowered the interest 
rate on sight deposit account balances that exceed a given exemption threshold by 0.5% to − 0.75%.  
As a consequence, on the next day the Swiss franc appreciated 15% to around EUR/CHF 1.04 and the 
main index on the Swiss stock exchange went down around 8.7%.  The EUR/CHF exchange rate is now 
free float.  Net income may also be adversely affected if Poland does not join the Eurozone in the 
medium term as is currently expected.  Similarly, net income may be affected if institutional investors 
pool their assets in established, rather than emerging, markets.  This risk is exacerbated in the context 
of greater political instability related to reform of the European institutional framework, which has 
already had repercussions on the Swiss franc exchange rate. 
For details on the Bank's exposure to risks in foreign countries, see risk factor "The Bank faces exposure 
to risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and Mozambique)". 
The Bank is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of 
misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of 
misconduct by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third 
party service providers and external staff, including "rogue trading".  This type of risk could result in 
breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal 
proceedings or reputational damage. 
In the area of payments, over the past years the Bank and especially the Bank's clients have been subject 
to cybercrime and fraud in the form of phishing and malware.  European law tends to hold the Bank 
liable unless it provides proof of intentional misconduct or gross negligence by the client.  Other forms 
of theft include violent robberies of ATMs, in which criminals use combustible gas, explosives or 
vehicles and heavy equipment to gain access to cash stored in ATMs. 
The Bank may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal 
acts by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The Bank remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove 
to be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time

--- Page 57 ---
57 
and/or may not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates, especially 
considering the imminent entry into force of the GDPR.  Thus, the data could be subject to damage, 
loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by the customers, or even 
use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of the Bank).  If any of 
these circumstances occur there could be a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, including its 
reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects. 
Failure of the Bank's information technology systems could lead to a breach of regulations and 
(contractual) obligations and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.  The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, 
including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit fraud through electronic channels or to gain access 
to information technology systems used by the Bank (including with respect to clients' and Bank 
information held on those systems and transactions processed through these systems) are a growing 
threat to the Bank.  The manifestations of risks to technology - including cyber security - change rapidly 
and require continued focus and investment.  Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential 
attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and 
loss of (personal) data.  In addition, the Group may as a result not be able to access data or operate its 
systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing that data is not compromised may be very 
time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk is not adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack can take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations 
and administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Bank's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings. 
A material decline in global capital markets and volatility in other markets could adversely affect the 
activity, results and value of strategic investments of the Bank. 
Investment returns are an important part of the Bank's overall profitability, particularly in relation to 
the life insurance business carried out by the Millennium bcp Ageas joint venture and the Bank's 
investment banking business. 
Uncertainty in global financial markets stemming from the price volatility of capital market instruments 
may materially and adversely affect the Group and particularly the life insurance business and 
investment banking operations, impacting its financial operations and other income and the value of its 
financial holdings and securities portfolios. 
In particular, a decline in the global capital markets could have an adverse effect on the sales of many 
of the Group's products and services, such as unit-linked products, capitalisation insurance, real estate 
investment funds, asset management services, brokerage, primary market issuances and investment 
banking operations, and significantly reduce the fees related to them, as well as adversely affect the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a minority shareholder of 
Millennium bcp Ageas, the Bank is at risk of being required to inject capital into the company if its 
solvency ratio falls below a certain predefined level, which could occur if certain products of 
Millennium bcp Ageas do not meet a minimum level of return. Furthermore, the prolonged fluctuation 
of stock and bond market prices or extended volatility or turbulence of markets could lead to the 
withdrawal of funds from markets by investors, which would result in lower investment rates or in the 
early redemption of life policies. Any such decrease could negatively influence the placement of the 
Bank's investment products. Therefore, a decline in the capital markets in general could adversely affect 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank also maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity 
and other markets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other

--- Page 58 ---
58 
markets and in Portuguese sovereign debt (EUR 7.7 billion as at 31 December 2020, of which EUR 378 
million recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Held for trading"; EUR 0 
million recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss"; EUR 3.6 billion recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income" and EUR 3.8 billion recorded in “Financial assets at amortised cost – Debt 
securities”), creating a risk of substantial losses. Potential gains in the Portuguese public debt in 
December 2020 stand at around EUR 90.6 million. Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad 
range of the other trading and hedging products that the Bank uses, including swaps, futures, options 
and structured products. Significant reductions in estimated or actual values of the Bank's assets have 
occurred from previous events in the market. Continued volatility and further fragmentation of certain 
financial markets may affect the Bank's business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
In the future, these factors may have an influence on day-to-day valuations of the Bank's financial assets 
and liabilities, recorded at fair value. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on 
the Bank's business and operations. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events 
could have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.  Such events could damage the Bank's facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of its 
business (including communications and technology), result in harm or cause travel limitations on the 
Bank's employees, and have a similar impact on its clients and counterparties.  These events could also 
negatively impact the purchase of the Bank's products and services to the extent that those acts or 
conflicts result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general 
economic activity, or in financial market settlement functions.  In addition, war, terror attacks, political 
unrest, global conflicts, the national and global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military 
activities and outbreaks of hostilities may negatively impact economic growth, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, besides 
other adverse effects on the Bank in ways that it is unable to predict. 
The Bank's risk management methods may not be able to identify all risks or level of risks to which 
the Bank is exposed. 
The Bank's risk management methods are based on a combination of human and technical controls and 
supervision, which are subject to errors and defects.  Some of the Bank's methods of managing risks are 
based on internally developed controls and on historic data on market behaviour, also supported by 
common market practices.  These methods might not adequately predict future losses, in particular when 
related to relevant market fluctuations, which could be considerably higher than those observed in other 
periods.  These methods might also be ineffective in protecting against losses caused by technical errors, 
if the implemented testing and control systems are not effective in the prevention of software and 
hardware technical defects.  Any errors or failures in the implementation of such risk management 
systems, as well as their possible inability to identify all the risks or risk levels to which the Bank is 
exposed, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Nature of the Covered Bonds  
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
Unless the rating provided by the rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect 
of the Programme is adversely affected by such provisions, an Extended Maturity Date will apply to

--- Page 59 ---
59 
each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  If an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem at par all of those 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the Maturity of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds will automatically be extended on a monthly basis for up to one year to the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, in the applicable Pricing Supplement).  In that event, the Issuer may redeem at par, all 
or part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date 
falling in any month after the Maturity Date, up to and including, the Extended Maturity Date, subject 
as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement).  In that event also, the interest payable on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of those Covered Bonds will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Covered Bonds, in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and such interest may apply on 
a fixed or floating basis.  The extension of the maturity of the Principal Amount Outstanding of those 
Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of 
the holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of 
default for any purpose and no payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other 
than as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege ("privilégio creditório") 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme whether outstanding at the 
date hereof or in the future benefit from a special creditor privilege ("privilégio creditório") over all 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered 
Bonds (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool).  The Covered Bonds Law establishes that the Common 
Representative and any Hedge Counterparties at the date hereof and in the future are also preferred 
creditors of the Issuer which benefit from the abovementioned special creditor privilege ("privilégio 
creditório").  None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to 
meet the claims of the holders of certain Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Covered Bonds or of 
Other Preferred Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the future. 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may contain mortgage credits, other eligible assets, substitution assets and hedging 
contracts, in all cases subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds Law.  The Covered 
Bonds Law permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static.  
Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) comprised in the Cover 
Pool will change from time to time in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  See The Covered 
Bonds Law. 
Value of security over residential property 
As described above, the holders of Covered Bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege ("privilégio 
creditório") over all assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool).  The security for a mortgage 
credit included in the Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage over a property granted 
in favour of the Issuer.  The value of this property and accordingly the level of recovery on the 
enforcement of the mortgage, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of the 
relevant property and no assurance can be given that the values of the relevant properties will not decline 
in the future.  See The Covered Bonds Law.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
2.2 
Risks relating to Tax and other Relevant Laws  
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Common Reporting Standard 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, 
introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and 
is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014 (the Common Reporting Standard).   
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, 
as amended by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, 
and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019.  
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was also transposed into the Portuguese law through 
the Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 
2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax 
Authorities – which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant tax authorities of EU Member 
States or third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. Law no. 17/2019, of 
14 February 2019 introduced the regime for the automatic exchange of financial information to be 
carried out by financial institutions to the Portuguese Tax Authority (until 31 July, with reference to the 
previous year) with respect to accounts held by holders or beneficiaries resident in the Portuguese 
territory with a balance or value that exceeds € 50,000 (assessed at the end of each civil year). This 
regime covers information related to years 2018 and following years. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report 
to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state 
of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in 
the Directive.  The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income 
paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid 
or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended 
by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information 
regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting 
obligations arising thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") 
No. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 282/2018, of 
19 October 2018, Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") No. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") No. 255/2017, of 14 August 2017 and by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 58/2018, of 
27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  No. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Mandatory Disclosure Rules 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, introduced 
the automatic exchange of tax information concerning the cross-border mechanisms to be reported to 
the tax authorities, in order to ensure a better operation of the EU market by discouraging the use of 
aggressive cross-border tax planning arrangements.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Under Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, the intermediaries or the relevant taxpayers are 
subject to the obligation to communicate cross-border tax planning arrangements’ information to the 
tax authorities of EU Member States, according to certain hallmarks indicating a potential risk of tax 
avoidance. 
Portugal implemented Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May through Law No. 26/2020, of 21 
July, and Decree-Law No. 53/2020, of 11 August, with the following features: 
- 
Reportable arrangements include cross-border and purely domestic arrangements, but generic 
hallmarks linked to the main benefit test are not relevant in case of purely domestic arrangements; 
- 
The main benefit test is only satisfied if the obtaining of a tax advantage, beyond a reasonable 
doubt, is the main benefit or one of the main benefits which, having regard to all relevant facts and 
circumstances, a person may reasonably expect to derive from an arrangement;  
- 
Tax advantage is defined as any reduction, elimination or tax deferral, including the use of tax 
losses or the granting of tax benefits that would not be granted fully or partially, without the use of 
the mechanism; and 
- 
In case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses apply, the reporting obligations are 
shifted to the relevant taxpayer; however, in case the relevant taxpayer does not comply with this 
obligation, the reporting obligation is then shifted again to the intermediary. 
The deadlines to file information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities are as follows: 
- 
The standard 30-day reporting period, as well as the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer in case 
any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses applies to the intermediary, begin on 1 January 
2021; 
- 
Reportable cross-border arrangements which first step was implemented between 25 June 2018 
and 30 June 2020 – to be filed by 28 February 2021; 
- 
Reportable domestic or cross-border arrangements made available for implementation or ready for 
implementation, or where the first step in its implementation has been made between 1 July 2020 
and 31 December 2020 - the period of 30 days for filing information and the period of 5 days to 
inform the taxpayer begin on 1 January 2021; and 
- 
The deadline for the first periodic reporting of domestic and cross-border marketable arrangements 
is 30 April 2021. 
The applicable form (Model 58) to comply with the reporting obligations to the Portuguese Tax 
Authority was approved by Ministerial Order no. 304/2020, of 29 December. 
Investors should in any case consult their own tax advisers to obtain a more detailed explanation of this 
regime and how it may individually affect them. 
Harmonisation of the EU Covered Bond Framework 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the legislative package on 
covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
The new covered bond directive replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings 
for collective investment in transferable securities (the "UCITS Directive"), establishes a revised 
common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options 
that members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national 
laws). The new regulation, which will be directly applicable in the EU from 8 July 2022, amends Article 
129 of the CRR (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds 
that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR regime. 
The new covered bond directive and the new regulation were published in the Official Journal on 18 
December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020. Member States shall adopt and publish, by 8 
July 2021, the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with new covered 
bond directive and shall apply those measures at the latest from 8 July 2022.  
Given that the aspects of the new regime will require transposition through national laws, the final 
position is not yet known. Therefore, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise 
effect of the new regime on the Covered Bonds.  
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by Portuguese law in effect as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Portuguese laws, including the Covered Bonds Law, or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to withholding tax 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Covered Bonds integrated in and held through a 
centralised system managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the Portuguese Centralised System 
of Registration of Securities ("Central de Valores Mobiliários"), managed by Interbolsa), by other 
European Union or European Economic Area entities that manage international clearing systems (in the 
latter case if there is administrative co-operation for tax purposes with the relevant country which is 
equivalent to that in place within the European Union), or, when authorised by the member of the 
government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems held by 
non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax 
exemption regime which was approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended 
or superseded from time to time ("the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005") may 
benefit from withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements 
are complied with. 
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others, will result in the application of 
the relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation 
to gross up by the Bank. 
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Covered Bonds is paid or 
made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting 
on behalf of undisclosed entities (e.g. typically "jumbo" accounts) such income will be subject to 
withholding tax in Portugal at a rate of 35% unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed.  
Failure by the investors to comply with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the 
said Portuguese withholding tax at a rate of 35% and the Bank will not be required to gross up payments 
in respect of any withheld accounts in accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or 
legal persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that 
are domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Order No. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended or superseded from time to time (hereafter 
"Ministerial Order No. 150/2004"), is subject to withholding tax at 35%, which is the final tax on that 
income, unless the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005 applies and the beneficial 
owners are central banks and government agencies, international organisations recognised by the 
Portuguese state, residents in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double 
tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force. 
The Bank will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any of such non-resident holders, in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in "Taxation – Portugal". 
2.3  
Risks relating to the Market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency.  This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency.  These include the risks that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds; (ii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds; and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds.  Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.  A rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating of the Covered Bonds and that 
action may reduce the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not

--- Page 64 ---
64 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended or superseded from time to time) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in 
the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus. 
2.4  
Risks relating to the Structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme.  Covered Bonds may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors who should consider the terms of the 
Covered Bonds before investing. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem the Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value.  During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds 
concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Covered 
Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for investors.  Where the 
Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds tends to be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds.  Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The reform and regulation of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked 
to or referencing such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as LIBOR or EURIBOR) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause 
such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or to have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union.  It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-European Union based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark".

--- Page 66 ---
66 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks.  The FCA has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will 
not be guaranteed after 2021. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards.  This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently 
than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Such 
factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including LIBOR 
and EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark".  Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark". 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference Rate 
and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) 
becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions)  otherwise occurs.  
Either (i) the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or (ii) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to 
determine the relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if any)) 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate.  The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (including paying 
a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions 
and the Set of Agency Procedures as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by 
the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate.  The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to holders of the Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate.  However, there is no guarantee that such 
an Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread

--- Page 67 ---
67 
will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to holders of the Covered Bonds.  If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest.  Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
or, in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of which the above fallback arrangements do 
not apply, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential 
for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time.  Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on the Covered Bonds. 
Any of the above matters, which are not subject to the approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
or any other significant change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference Rate could adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement).  Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" or "relevant 
Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" or "relevant 
Pricing Supplement", respectively, where relevant. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
Capitalised terms used in this overview and not otherwise defined below or under Definitions have the 
respective meanings given to those terms elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description: 
Covered Bonds Programme. 
Programme size: 
Up to Euro 12,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, 
all calculated as described under General Description of the 
Programme) aggregate principal amount (or, in the case of 
Covered Bonds issued at a discount, their aggregate nominal 
value) of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount 
of the Programme, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Co-Arranger: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe 
SA, 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Europe 
AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de 
Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and 
UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Common Representative: 
Bondholders, S. L., in its capacity as representative of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered 
Bonds Law and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, having its registered office at Avenida de Francia 17,

--- Page 69 ---
69 
A, 1, 46023 Valencia (Spain), which appointment is, at the date 
of this Prospectus, subject to the approval by the holders of 
outstanding Covered Bonds, in a meeting that is in the process of 
being convened. Pending this approval, Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited, initially appointed on 5 June 2007, acts as 
common representative of the holders of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds. 
Agent: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with 
head office at Praça Dom João I, 28, 4000-295 Oporto, Portugal. 
Paying Agent: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Paying 
Agent, with head office at Praça Dom João I, 28, 4000-295 
Oporto, Portugal, and any other Paying Agent appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Documents. 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A. (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors ("Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), 
registered with the "Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários" (CMVM) with registration number 20161389, with 
registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 
Lisbon, Portugal.  See Cover Pool Monitor. 
Hedge Counterparties: 
The parties or party (each, a "Hedge Counterparty" and 
together, the "Hedge Counterparties") that, from time to time 
will enter into Hedging Contracts with the Issuer in accordance 
with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, including, inter alia, those set out under Risk 
Factors below.  In addition, there are risk factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the other risks associated 
with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  These are also 
set out in detail under Risk Factors below and include, inter alia, 
the dynamics of the legal and regulatory requirements and the 
risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered 
Bonds. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement 
and on a non-syndicated or syndicated basis.  The method of 
distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Covered Bonds will be issued and 
placed only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  See Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer Restrictions and Secondary Market 
Arrangements. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued 
in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions and 
Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Covered Bonds may 
be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Ratings: 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds). 
 
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating applicable to the Issuer.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered 
Bonds) to be admitted to its Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.  Covered Bonds may also be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext 
Lisbon or by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or 
Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market or Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading on other regulated markets for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended or superseded 
from time to time, or on any other market which is not a regulated 
market.  The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or market(s) the relevant Covered Bonds are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading (if any). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, 
Portugal, France and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan and 
Singapore as set out in Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
United States Selling Restriction: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or the securities laws or "blue sky" laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit 
of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state 
of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  There may also be restrictions under United States federal

--- Page 71 ---
71 
tax laws on the offer or sale of Covered Bonds to U.S. persons; 
Covered Bonds may not be sold to U.S. persons except in 
accordance with United States Treasury regulations as set forth 
in the applicable Final Terms.  See Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes or as otherwise set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case 
may be). 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves.  The Covered Bonds will be mortgage 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law and, accordingly, will be secured on cover 
assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer 
in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Law, and will 
rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under 
mortgage covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law.  See Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool. 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, completing the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds set out in Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds.  A Pricing Supplement will be prepared in respect of each 
Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds and may replace, modify or 
supplement the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing System: 
Interbolsa.  See Form of the Covered Bonds and Clearing System.  
Without prejudice to the foregoing, investors will be able to hold 
an interest in the Covered Bonds through Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), who are clients of an Interbolsa Participant for 
these purposes. 
Form of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and are nominativas (i.e. Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can 
ask the Interbolsa Participants information regarding the identity 
of the holders of Covered Bonds and transmit such information 
to the Issuer) and thus title to such Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM 
regulations.  No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  See Form of the Covered Bonds 
and Clearing System. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the 
provisions of Interbolsa.  The transferability of the Covered 
Bonds is not restricted. 
Maturities: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), the Covered 
Bonds Law or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency.  Currently the Covered Bonds 
Law establishes that Covered Bonds may not be issued with a 
maturity term shorter than two years or in excess of 50 years.  See 
also Extended Maturity Date. 
Issue Price: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Events of Default: 
Issuer Insolvency.  See Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds.  
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Guarantor: 
None. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  Interest periods will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread may be used for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Exempt Covered Bonds: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Covered 
Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
which will replace, modify or supplement those Terms and 
Conditions. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will specify either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, save as 
provided for in the Covered Bonds Law (see The Covered Bonds 
Law), or (ii) that the relevant Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer and/or the holder of Covered Bonds 
upon giving notice to the holder of Covered Bonds or the Issuer 
(as applicable), on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  See also 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Unless the rating provided by the rating agencies appointed by 
the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of the Programme is 
adversely affected by such provisions, the applicable Final Terms 
will also provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to each 
Series of the Covered Bonds. 
 
As regards redemption of Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two 
Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds not redeemed will 
automatically extend on a monthly basis up to one year but no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms.  In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date 
falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two 
Business Days thereafter), the Covered Bonds will bear interest 
on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier 
of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the 
Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity 
Date and will be payable in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in arrear

--- Page 74 ---
74 
or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms on 
each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at the rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, those Covered Bonds may for the 
purposes of the Programme be:  
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the 
period from the Issue Date to (and including) the 
Maturity Date; or 
 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of the period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Maturity 
Date, as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for which an 
Extended Maturity Date applies, the initial outstanding principal 
amount on the Maturity Date for the above purposes will be the 
total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer but unpaid on the 
relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date. 
Denomination of Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, save that the 
denomination of each Covered Bond (other than an Exempt 
Covered Bond) will be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or, in any case only if higher 
than EUR 100,000, any other specified denomination as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
or supervisory authority (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  Each 
Series will have Covered Bonds of one denomination only. 
Taxation of the Covered Bonds: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
without deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes 
imposed by any jurisdiction, unless the Issuer shall be obliged by 
law to make such deduction or withholding.  The Issuer will not 
be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any 
such withholding or deduction imposed.  See Taxation. 
The Covered Bonds Law: 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced into Portuguese law a 
framework for the issuance of certain types of asset covered 
bonds.  Asset covered bonds can only be issued by (i) credit 
institutions licensed under the Banking Law or (ii) by special 
credit institutions created pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, 
whose special purpose is the issue of covered bonds.  The 
Covered Bonds Law establishes that issuers of mortgage covered 
bonds shall maintain a cover assets pool, comprised of mortgage 
credit assets and limited classes of other assets, over which the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
holders of the relevant covered bonds have a statutory special 
creditor privilege. 
 
The Covered Bonds Law also provides for (i) the inclusion of 
certain hedging contracts in the relevant cover pool and (ii) 
certain special rules that apply in the event of insolvency of the 
Issuer.  The Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal 
Regulations further provide for (i) the supervision and regulation 
of issuers of covered bonds by the Bank of Portugal, (ii) the role 
of a cover pool monitor in respect of each issuer of covered bonds 
and the relevant cover pool maintained by it, (iii) the role of the 
common representative of the holders of covered bonds, (iv) 
restrictions on the types and status of the assets comprised in a 
cover pool (including loan to value restrictions, weighted average 
interest receivables and weighted average maturity restrictions), 
and (v) asset/liability management between the cover pool and 
the covered bonds.  See Characteristics of the Cover Pool, 
Insolvency of the Issuer, Common Representative of the Holders 
of Covered Bonds and The Covered Bonds Law.  
 
The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer will qualify as mortgage 
covered bonds for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law.  The 
Covered Bonds will be senior obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank equally with all other Covered Bonds which may be issued 
by the Issuer.  In the event of an insolvency of the Issuer, the 
holders of the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer, together with 
the Other Preferred Creditors, will have recourse under the 
Covered Bonds Law to the Cover Pool in priority to other 
creditors (whether secured or unsecured) of the Issuer who are 
not preferred creditors under the Covered Bonds Law.  See 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool and Insolvency of the Issuer.  
Governing Law: 
Unless otherwise specifically provided, the Covered Bonds and 
all other documentation relating to the Programme are governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following parts of the documents identified below, which have previously been published and have 
been filed with the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 2019 Annual Report of the BCP Group, including, without limitation, the following audited 
consolidated financial statements, notes and audit report set out at the following pages: 
Balance Sheet 
Page 184 of the pdf document 
Income Statement 
Page 181 of the pdf document 
Cash Flows Statement  
Page 185 of the pdf document 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 186 of the pdf document 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Pages 182 to 183 of the pdf document 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 187 to 403 of the pdf document 
Audit Report 
Pages 615 to 627 of the pdf document 
(b) 
the 2020 Annual Report of the BCP Group, including, without limitation, the following audited 
consolidated financial statements, notes, glossary and audit report set out at the following 
pages: 
Balance Sheet 
Page 209 of the pdf document 
Income Statement 
Page 206 of the pdf document 
Cash Flows Statement  
Page 210 of the pdf document 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 211 of the pdf document 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Pages 207 to 208 of the pdf document 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 212 to 677 of the pdf document 
Audit Report 
Glossary 
Pages 702 to 715 of the pdf document 
Pages 202 to 204 of the pdf document 
(c) 
the unaudited and un-reviewed earnings press release and earnings presentation of the BCP 
Group, in each case as at, and for the 3 month period ended 31 March 2021, including, without 
limitation, the following unaudited and un-reviewed consolidated balance sheet and 
consolidated income statement set out at the following pages of the earnings press release: 
Balance Sheet  
Page 28 of the pdf document 
Income Statement  
Page 27 of the pdf document 
(d) 
solely for the purposes of any issues of Covered Bonds which are expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single Series with a Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under an earlier Base

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Prospectus published by the Issuer, the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, on pages 
40 to 63 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2007, on pages 50 to 74 (inclusive) of 
the Base Prospectus dated 4 August 2008, on pages 55 to 79 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 July 2009, on page 59 to 84 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2010, on 
pages 74 to 99 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2012, on pages 81 to 105 
(inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2013, on pages 107 to 139 (inclusive) of the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2014, on pages 106 to 138 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 October 2015, on pages 119 to 151 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
December 2016, on pages 108 to 139 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2019 
and on pages 101 to 131 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2020, each as prepared 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The documents incorporated by reference in (a) to (c) above are a direct and accurate translation from 
their original Portuguese form.  In the event of a discrepancy the original Portuguese version will 
prevail. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  The Issuer 
will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Documents referred to in (a), and (b) above can be viewed electronically and free of charge at the 
Issuer's website, at the following links (respectively):  
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/relcontas/2019/files/RCBCP2019.en.pdf 
and 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2020/ARBCP2
020c.pdf  
Documents referred to in (c) above can be viewed electronically and free of charge at the Issuer's 
website, at the following links:  
Press release:  
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/Apresentacao_de_Resultados/2
021/Earnings_Millenniumbcp_1Q21_v_17052021.pdf 
Earnings presentation: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/Apresentacao_de_Resultados/2
021/EarningsPres_Q1_21_17052021.pdf 
Earlier Base Prospectuses published by the Issuer referred to in (d) above can be viewed electronically 
and free of charge at the following links:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(a) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2007: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB05062007.pdf; 
(b) 
Base Prospectus dated 4 August 2008: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB04082008.pdf; 
(c) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 July 2009: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB23072009.pdf; 
(d) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2010: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB06052010.pdf; 
(e) 
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2012: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB29062012.pdf; 
(f) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2013: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB10072013.pdf; 
(g) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2014: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB14082014.pdf; 
(h) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 October 2015: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB23102015.pdf; 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2016: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/Base-Prospectus-
28042017.pdf;  
(j) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2019: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroCoveredBond-
DocAnteriores/PB15052019.PDF; and 
(k) 
Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2020: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/divida/2020/BCP-CB-
Prospectus_26052020.pdf. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank confirms that any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject as set out herein.  An overview of 
the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Covered Bonds appears under Overview of the 
Covered Bonds Programme.  The applicable terms of any Covered Bonds will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of those Covered Bonds and will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds applicable to the Covered Bonds as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms attached to such Covered Bonds, or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as more fully described under Final Terms for Covered Bonds and Pricing 
Supplement for Exempt Covered Bonds below. 
This Base Prospectus will only be valid for admitting Covered Bonds to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market during the period of 12 months after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus in 
an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding on 
all Covered Bonds previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed Euro 
12,500,000,000 (subject to increase in accordance with the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
Definitions)) or its equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of 
the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, or, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) shall be determined, at the discretion of 
the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Covered Bonds 
or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in London and Lisbon, in each case, on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the 
euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the Lisbon foreign exchange market 
quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of 
calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in relation to the Covered Bonds or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) and other Covered Bonds issued at a discount or a premium shall be 
calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer 
for the relevant issue.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEM  
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depositary ("CSD") which will be 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários ("Interbolsa"). 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning Interbolsa 
has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Arrangers or any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of 
Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
Interbolsa.  None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the 
Covered Bonds held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa holds securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its participants.  Interbolsa provides various 
services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Oporto, Portugal, the address of 
Euroclear is 1 Boulevard Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws or "blue sky" laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act  is available or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of 
any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements).  Accordingly, the Covered Bonds will only be 
issued outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S. 
The Covered Bonds are held through Interbolsa 
General 
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system ("sistema centralizado") composed by 
interconnected securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and 
transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and 
transferred.  Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the 
controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise 
of ownership rights inherent to the Covered Bonds. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of 
issued securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which

--- Page 81 ---
81 
participate in Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant 
on behalf of its customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
The Covered Bonds shall only be tradable in one specified denomination. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds may only be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, 
United Kingdom pounds sterling, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. 
The Covered Bonds will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") code 
through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through the clearing 
system operated at Interbolsa and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form ("forma escritural") and title to the 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations.  No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  The Covered Bonds will be registered ("nominativas") (i.e. Interbolsa, 
at the Issuer's request, can ask the Interbolsa Participants information regarding the identity of the 
holders of Covered Bonds and transmit such information to the Issuer). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer 
with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant on behalf of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds.  Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered 
Bonds held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each 
of the Interbolsa Participants.  The expression "Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised financial 
intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes 
any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Covered Bonds 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
The Covered Bonds may be eligible for Eurosystem monetary policy.  Registering the Covered Bonds 
with Interbolsa, however, does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be (i) if made in euro (a) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting 
on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts used by the Interbolsa Participants for payments 
in respect of securities held through Interbolsa and thereafter (b) credited by such Interbolsa Participants 
from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) if 
made in currencies other than euro (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the 
Foreign Currency Settlement System ("Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira"), managed by 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa Participants, and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa Participants from such relevant accounts to the accounts of 
the owners of Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the owners of Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and 
all necessary information for that purpose.  In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Interbolsa Participant must, at the request of Interbolsa, inform the Paying Agent of the bank 
accounts to which the relevant payments shall be made.  Interbolsa must notify the Paying Agent of the 
amounts to be settled, which Interbolsa calculates on the basis of the balances and on the tax rules 
governing the accounts of the Interbolsa Participants. 
In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the current account of the Paying Agent with the 
Bank of Portugal must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the Interbolsa Participants.  
After a payment has been processed, whether in full or in part, the Paying Agent must confirm that fact 
to Interbolsa. 
Procedures relating to Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other than Euro will be in accordance 
with the relevant Interbolsa procedures. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bonds.  No 
owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with 
Portuguese law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded from time to time, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below).  Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded from time to time, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded from 
time to time, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018

--- Page 84 ---
84 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Covered Bonds are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.]3 
Final Terms dated [       ] 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Issue of [       ] 
[[       ]% Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] Covered Bonds due [       ] 
under the Euro 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW NO. 59/2006, OF 20 MARCH 2006 (AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE "COVERED BONDS LAW") AND 
FURTHER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS.  THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW.  THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED ON THE 
COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED 
BONDS LAW. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 May 
2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [      ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded from time to 
time, the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at, and electronic 
copies can be obtained from, [BCP's website] and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).] 
                                                     
3 For any Covered Bonds to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 21 May 2021.  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [      ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including the Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at, and electronic copies can be obtained from, [BCP's 
website] and the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [       ] on the Issue 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[       ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[       ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [       ] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ]  
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[       ] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[       ] [Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [       ]] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) 
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[       ]% Fixed Rate] 
[[       ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [       ]% 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified in [14/15/16] 
below)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date up to (and 
including) Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[       ]% 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[       ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [       ]% Floating Rate] 
 
(further particulars specified in [14/15/16] 
below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [       ]% of 
their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in [17/18] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate (s) of Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ]% per annum payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ]% per annum. payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date / [       ]] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ] in each month up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date]/[       ]] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ] in each year]  
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ] in each year] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/ Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ]  
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ]  
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination/ 
ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
(the 
"Calculation 
Agent") 
for

--- Page 88 ---
88 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[       ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page LIBOR01 (or any 
successor 
page)] 
[Reuters 
Screen 
Page 
EURIBOR01 (or any successor page)] [       ] 
B. 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[       ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page LIBOR01 (or any 
successor 
page)] 
[Reuters 
Screen 
Page 
EURIBOR01 (or any successor page)] [       ]  
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
B. 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[       ]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
• 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Margin (s): 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [       ]% per annum] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [       ]% per annum] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ]% per annum] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [       ]% per annum] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[       ]% per annum] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [       ]% per annum] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
• 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ]% per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond: 
[       ] per Covered Bond of [       ] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [       ] days  
Maximum period: [       ] days 
18. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond: 
[       ] per Covered Bond of [       ] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [       ] days  
Maximum period: [       ] days 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[       ] per Covered Bond of [       ] Specified 
Denomination 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond payable on an event of 
default: 
[       ] per Covered Bond of [       ] Specified 
Denomination 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS  
21. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
Form: 
Book Entry Covered Bonds nominativas  
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [       ] 
Signed on behalf Banco Comercial Português, S.A.: 
 
 
By: _____________________________  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 91 ---
91 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market with effect 
from [       ].] 
 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on the [Euronext Lisbon’s 
regulated market] with effect from [       ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The following ratings reflect rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
generally: 
[   ] by Moody's 
 
[   ] by Fitch 
 
[   ] by the relevant DBRS entity 
 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [       ] by 
[       ].]  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue.  [Certain 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investments, banking and or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary cover of business.]]  
4. 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Give details]4 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details.) 
                                                     
4 To include reasons for the issuance and, if relevant, its impact on the Issuer.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority.  If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
5. 
Yield – Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
only 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] [       ]% 
6. 
Historic and Future Interest Rates – 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only 
 
[Details of historic and future [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] 
[       ].] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
CFI: 
 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[       ] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[   ] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C] 
[TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged products" or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute a "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged 
products" and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged products" or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute a "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged 
products" and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
9. 
Third Party Information 
 
[[       ] has been extracted from [       ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [       ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT COVERED BONDS 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Covered 
Bonds (herein also referred to as the "Covered Bonds") whatever the denomination of such Covered 
Bonds, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below.  The Central Bank 
has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded from time to time, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the 
"Prospectus Regulation").  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II/UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Covered Bonds are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.]5 
                                                     
5 For any Covered to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION FOR THE ISSUE OF THE EXEMPT COVERED BONDS DESCRIBED 
BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [    ] 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
[[       ]% Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] Covered Bonds due [    ] 
under the Euro 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW NO. 59/2006, OF 20 MARCH 2006 (AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE "COVERED BONDS LAW") AND 
FURTHER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS.  THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE 
COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW.  THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED ON THE 
COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED 
BONDS LAW. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Exempt Covered Bonds described herein.  This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 May 2021 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus").  Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and 
electronic copies can be obtained from, [BCP's website] and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[      ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing series, details of that 
series, including the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[      ]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(Note: Covered Bonds may only be issued in Euro, 
U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars or any 
other currency as can be settled through Interbolsa 
from time to time) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Covered Bonds: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[      ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[      ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
[      ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
(NB An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month]] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[insert date] (If applicable, the date should be that 
falling one year after the Maturity Date.  If not 
applicable, insert "Not Applicable"). 
 
(Extended Maturity Date must be Applicable to all 
issues of Covered Bonds, unless, the rating agencies 
which at the relevant time provide credit ratings for 
the Programme agree that Extended Maturity Date 
may be Not Applicable) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[      ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[      ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/[      ]] +/- [      ]% 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified in [15/16/17] below) 
(ii) 
Period from (but 
excluding) Maturity Date 
[Not Applicable] / 
[[      ]% Fixed Rate] 
[[      ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/[      ]] +/- [      ]%

--- Page 97 ---
97 
up to (and including) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph [15/16/17] 
below) (Insert "Not Applicable" only if Extended 
Maturity Date does not apply) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [      ]% of their nominal amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs [15 and 
16] below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [18/19] 
below)] [      ] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained 
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[      ]% per annum payable in arrear on each interest 
payment day 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [      ]% per annum. payable in 
arrear on each interest payment day 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):

--- Page 98 ---
98 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[[      ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date / [specify other]] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[      ] in each month up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date]/[specify other] 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates in the alternative)] in each year] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then 
insert such dates in the alternative)] in each year 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[      ] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [      ] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [State "Not Applicable" 
unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the 
Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [      ] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [      ] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
determined: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
[Not Applicable]/ [Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(v) 
Party responsible (the 
"Calculation Agent") for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [      ] 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [      ] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
A. 
To Maturity 
Date: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/[      ]] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[      ] (Second London business day prior to start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if Euribor or euro LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page LIBOR01 (or any successor 
page)] [Reuters Screen Page EURIBOR01 (or any 
successor page)] [       ] 
B. 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/[      ]] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[      ] (Second London business day prior to start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if Euribor or euro LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page LIBOR01 (or any successor 
page)] [Reuters Screen Page EURIBOR01 (or any 
successor page)] [       ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
A. 
To Maturity 
Date: 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[      ] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[      ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[      ] 
B. 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[      ] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[      ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[      ] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[+/-] [      ]% per annum 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/-] [      ]% per annum] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity 
Date applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[      ]% per annum 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/-] [      ]% per annum]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[      ]% per annum 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/-] [      ]% per annum] 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
• 
To Maturity 
Date: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
 
30E/360 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(see Condition 4 (Interest)) 
• 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 30/360 30E/360 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(see Condition 4 (Interest)) 
[State "Not Applicable" unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[      ]% per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[      ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
[      ] per Covered Bond of [      ] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[      ] 
(iv) 
 Notice period: 
Minimum period: [      ] days  
 
Maximum period: [      ] days 
 
(NB - When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
[      ] per Covered Bond of [      ] Specified 
Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [      ] days Maximum period: [      ] 
days 
 
(NB - When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond: 
[      ] per Covered Bond of [      ] Specified 
Denomination 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond payable on an 
event of default: 
[      ] per Covered Bond of [      ] Specified 
Denomination

--- Page 104 ---
104 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
Form: 
Book Entry Covered Bonds nominativas  
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable /give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the place of payment and not Interest Period 
end dates to which item 16(iii) relates) 
Signed on behalf Banco Comercial Português, S.A.: 
 
 
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 105 ---
105 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
[listed/admitted to trading] on [specify market - note 
this should not be a regulated market with effect from 
[      ].] [Not Applicable] 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Covered Bonds are already admitted to 
trading) 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[      ] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The following ratings reflect rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme generally:  
 
[   ] by Moody's 
 
[   ] by Fitch 
 
[   ] by the relevant DBRS entity 
 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)].] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue.  [Certain 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investments, banking and or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary cover of business] - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer  
Reasons for the offer: 
[Give details]6 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details.) 
5. 
Yield – Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only 
                                                     
6 To include reasons for the issuance and, if relevant, its impact on the Issuer.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] [      ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price, using the formula set out in the 
Base Prospectus (see General Information).  It is not 
an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
CFI: 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[      ] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
7. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[      ] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C] 
[TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and no

--- Page 107 ---
107 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged products" or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute a "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute "packaged products" and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
8. 
Third Party Information 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following, save for the text in the footnotes, are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
which will be incorporated by reference into each Covered Bond.  The applicable Pricing Supplement 
in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds.  The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated by reference into each 
Covered Bond.  Reference should be made to "Final Terms for Covered Bonds" for a description of the 
content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ("OBRIGAÇÕES HIPOTECÁRIAS") ISSUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BONDS LAW (AS DEFINED).  THE ISSUER (AS 
DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION WITH THE 
CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE COVERED BONDS LAW.  
THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS LAW 
ARE SECURED ON THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED 
BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED 
BONDS LAW. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered bonds issued by Banco 
Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer") in accordance with the procedures set out in the Set of Agency 
Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and 
shall mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency. 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency procedures (such set of agency procedures as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Set of Agency Procedures") 
dated 15 May 2019 and made and agreed by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (acting in its capacity as 
Agent and Paying Agent, which expressions shall include any successors, and as Issuer) and by any 
subsequent agent, paying agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to this Covered Bond which complete information regarding these Terms and 
Conditions (the "Conditions") or, if this Covered Bond is a Covered Bond which is neither admitted to 
trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation  or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an "Exempt Covered 
Bond"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this 
Covered Bond.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to this Covered Bond.  Any reference in the 
Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" or "relevant Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" or "relevant Pricing Supplement", respectively, where 
relevant.  The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or 
superseded from time to time.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Any reference to "holders of Covered Bonds" shall mean the persons in whose name the Covered 
Bonds are registered. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Set of Agency Procedures (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (such Paying Agents being together 
referred to as the "Agents") or (ii) may be provided by e-mail to a holder of Covered Bonds following 
their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a 
form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents.  If the Covered Bonds are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).  If this Covered Bond is an 
Exempt Covered Bond, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Covered Bonds 
holder holding one or more Covered Bond and such Covered Bonds holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, the Common Representative and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding 
of such Covered Bonds and identity.  The Covered Bonds holders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Set of Agency Procedures and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Set of Agency Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Set of Agency Procedures or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Set of 
Agency Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, outstanding means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions; 
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions 
after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in 
the Set of Agency Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to 
the Covered Bonds holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain 
available for payment against presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds as applicable; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in book entry form, being nominativas (i.e. Interbolsa, at the 
Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliated Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the 
identity of the holders of Covered Bonds)

--- Page 110 ---
110 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced 
by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Portuguese Securities Code and the 
applicable CMVM regulations.  No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an 
interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds recorded therein. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date 
and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, save that the denomination of each Covered Bond (other than an Exempt 
Covered Bond) will be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or, in any case only if higher 
than EUR 100,000, any other specified denomination as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank or supervisory authority (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  Each series will have Covered 
Bonds of one denomination only. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Set of Agency Procedures.  The Issuer, the Paying Agents 
and the Common Representative will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
registered holder of any Covered Bonds as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold 
such Covered Bond.  No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, 
except in accordance with Portuguese law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa. 
The holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting 
any registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and secured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  The Covered Bonds are mortgage covered securities issued in accordance with the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Covered Bonds Law, which are secured by the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Law, and rank pari passu with all other 
obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered securities issued or to be issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest.  Subject as provided in Condition 4.4, interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated on the full nominal amount 
outstanding of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and will be paid to the Interbolsa Participants for 
distribution by them to accounts of entitled holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures.  Such interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination 
Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the 
Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on 
the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(ii) 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts 
received by the relevant holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(iii) 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(A)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon 
and any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this 
subparagraph, "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or other person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.2(B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page); or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified.  If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant 
Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no offered quotations appear 
thereon, the Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
If on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any).  However, if one only or none of the Reference Banks provide the Agent 
with such offered rates at the Agent's request, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period will be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 11.00 a.m. 
(London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any).  If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined on the Interest Determination Date for the last 
preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Conditions, Reference Banks means those banks whose offered rates 
were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered 
quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three 
such offered quotations appeared. 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2 above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest.  If no minimum interest rate is specified or if the minimum 
interest rate is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
minimum interest rate shall be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2 above is greater than

--- Page 116 ---
116 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination (each an 
"Interest Amount") for the relevant Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Day Count 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Day Count 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Day Count 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for this 
purpose, the Calculation Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant competent listing 
authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to the Common Representative and 
each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
listing and to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices).  
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(F) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 4.2, whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common 
Representative and all holders of Covered Bonds and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the holders of Covered 
Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4, interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered 
Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such 
Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until (i) the date 
on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) five days 
after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond 
the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.7, the Covered Bonds shall bear 
interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds 
are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.3. In that 
event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds in arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms.  The final Interest 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(B) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond 
the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.7, the rate of interest payable from 
time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on 
each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest 
Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
under the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 4.4 the principal 
amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(D) 
This Condition 4.4 shall only apply to Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those 
Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) 
and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.7.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined.  If the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply to the Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
at its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds) (A) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread.  Without prejudice to the definitions 
thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account 
any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Adviser in the 
event one has been appointed) may determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5.  Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for 
the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Original 
Reference Rate (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 4.5); 
(D) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  If the Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance

--- Page 121 ---
121 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Set of Agency Procedures 
in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the 
Day Count Fraction, Screen Page, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Time and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the method for determining the 
fall-back rate in relation to the Covered Bonds.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer 
and the Agent shall effect such consequential amendments to the Set of Agency 
Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the 
application of this Condition 4.5.  No consent shall be required from the holders of the 
Covered Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the 
Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful); and 
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof 
to the holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and the 
Agent (if different from the Issuer).  Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Set of Agency Procedures 
and/or these Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the holders 
of the Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.5. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4.5 will continue to apply (i) if the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, and (ii) where the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and (in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)) the holders of the Covered Bonds have been notified 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and any consequential changes made to the Set of Agency Procedures and the Conditions 
(if any). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively);

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained 
by the payee with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this 
Condition 5 (Payments), means the United States of America including the States, and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction or by cheque drawn on a US bank.  In no event will payment be made by a 
cheque mailed to an address in the United States.  All payments of interest will be made 
to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax 
law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  Any such 
amounts withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Covered Bonds, 
and no additional amounts will be paid on the Covered Bonds with respect to any such 
withholding or deduction. 
5.3 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be (i) if made in euro 
(a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying 
Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment current-accounts used by the Interbolsa 
Participants for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa and thereafter (b) 
credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to 
the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) if made in currencies other 
than euro (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations 
of Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency 
Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral 
de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Interbolsa Participants, and 
thereafter (b) transferred by such Interbolsa Participants from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the owners of Covered Bonds, 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such

--- Page 123 ---
123 
delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 
(Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre 
and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.5 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.7, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or extended 
as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms7 to the Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of Covered Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s).  Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly.  Any such redemption must be of a 
                                                     
7  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds stated in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of 
Covered Bonds the nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
proportionally. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered 
Bond giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms8 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered 
Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent  at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition.  Any Put Notice given by a holder of any 
Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable.  The right to require redemption 
will be exercised directly against the Issuer, through the relevant Paying Agent. 
6.4 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered 
Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.5 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled.  All Covered Bonds so 
cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 6.4 shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.6 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.7 
does not apply, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to 
paragraph 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default – Insolvency Event and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount 
calculated according to the following formula: 
(
)y
AY
1
“RP”
+
×
 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; and 
                                                     
8  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent).

--- Page 125 ---
125 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the 
number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but 
excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the holders of Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices) or individually. 
6.7 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying 
to each Series of Covered Bonds unless the rating provided by the rating agencies 
appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of the Programme is adversely 
affected by such Extended Maturity Date provisions. 
(B) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in 
full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to 
but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms.  In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling 
in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date 
or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer shall give to the 
holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent and 
the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least five Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date.  Any 
failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, 
the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person. 
(C) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under 
the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 6.7 the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions. 
(D) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 shall be 
irrevocable.  Where this Condition 6.7 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under 
this Condition 6.7 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or 
otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms 
and Conditions.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(E) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7, 
interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall 
be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 
4.4. 
(F) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of 
that redemption. 
(G) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 6.7, subject to otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer 
shall not issue any further mortgage covered bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such 
further mortgage covered securities are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in 
whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(H) 
This Condition 6.7 shall only apply to Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter). 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds  shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any Taxes unless the Issuer or any Paying 
Agent (as the case may be) is required by law to make any such payment subject to any such 
withholding or deduction.  In that event, the Issuer or any Paying Agent (as the case may be) 
shall be entitled to withhold or deduct the required amount for or on account of Tax from such 
payment and shall account to the relevant Tax Authorities for the amount so withheld or 
deducted. 
7.2 
No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the 
holders of Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 
7.1. 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese 
Republic, references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be 
construed as references to the Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not event of default 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in 
accordance with Condition 7.1, this shall not constitute an event of default by the Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date therefor, 
subject in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments).  As used in these Terms and 
Conditions, "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT – INSOLVENCY EVENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the 
holders of Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the 
serving of an Acceleration Notice, in which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall 
immediately become due and payable each at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: "Insolvency Event" means the winding-up 
and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under 
Decree-Law No. 199/2006, of 25 October 2006, Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992 
and/ or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies 
introduced by Decree-Law No. 53/2004, of 18 March 2004). 
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1, the holders of 
the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an 
Acceleration Notice, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings 
against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may deem fit to enforce the provisions 
of the Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only 
have regard to the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or 
to take any action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Document unless the 
Common Representative, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a 
reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
(A) 
The names of the Agent and the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set 
out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In 
the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue 
to act as the Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to

--- Page 128 ---
128 
calculate the Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such 
other bank to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid.  The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) in Portugal capable of making 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds as contemplated by these Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Agency Terms and applicable 
Portuguese law and regulation; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or 
admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or as the case may be, 
other relevant authority). 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall be valid if published in the Financial Times or 
another English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Ireland approved by the 
Trustee and (so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and listed on 
the official list of, Euronext Dublin), any notice shall also be published in accordance with any 
relevant listing rules.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed.  Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in all the relevant 
newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the requirements of Interbolsa and 
of Portuguese law generally. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
holders of Covered Bonds to consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their 
common interest (which provisions are described and supplemented in the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement), including the modification by Resolution of 
these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement. 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a 
Reserved Matter will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding; or (ii) a 
Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter of the Covered Bonds, will be any person or 
persons holding or representing at least 50% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented or, at any adjourned

--- Page 129 ---
129 
meeting, any person being or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding.  Each Covered Bond grants its holder one vote. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance 
with the applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a 
Reserved Matter, the majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; (ii) if in respect 
to a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter except for the one set out in (iii) below, at 
least 50% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
or, at any adjourned meeting 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (iii) if in 
respect to a Resolution regarding an increase in the obligations of the holders of 
Covered Bonds, all holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a "Reserved Matter" means any 
proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the 
priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of 
a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law 
to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 14(C); 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of a Series 
shall, subject as provided below, be binding on all the holders of Covered Bonds of 
such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting.  Pursuant to the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement, the Common Representative may convene a 
single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the 
opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict between the holders of such 
Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto 
mutatis mutandis. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any 
Resolution to direct the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default – Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or to 
direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action (each a 
"Programme Resolution") shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting 
of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the 
Common Representative or, if it refuses to convene such a meeting, by the Chairman 
of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common 
Representative and the Chairman of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer 
refuses to convene the meeting, then 5% of the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series 
may petition the court to order a meeting to be convened. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all 
Series shall be binding on all holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series where such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds of any Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro 
at the relevant exchange rate at the date of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING 
WITH THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common 
Representative is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Common 
Representative shall not exercise such powers and discretions without the approval of 
such holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a written resolution of such 
holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise 
incur or risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of 
any of its rights, powers, authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the 
repayment of such funds is not reasonably assured to it under the Covered Bonds Law 
or if it has not been provided with adequate indemnity against or security for such risk 
or liability.  Notwithstanding any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution 
approved at any meeting or any written resolution of any holders of Covered Bonds, 
the Common Representative may (i) refrain from taking any action until it has been 
provided with sufficient funds or adequate indemnity against or security for any 
liability it may incur as a result of any such actions and (ii) refrain from doing anything 
which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or which might 
otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion 
necessary to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the 
holders of Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions or inaction.  The 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for the 
indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from responsibility. 
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, VALUATION OF COVER POOL AND ISSUER 
COVENANTS 
14.1 
Maintenance of overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Value (determined in accordance with 
the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations) of the Cover Pool maintained 
by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 105.26% of the aggregate Value of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme less any Covered Bonds held by the 
Issuer pursuant to article 21.2 of the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled or such other 
percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool 
Monitor (the "Overcollateralisation Percentage"), provided that: 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, be reduced by the Issuer below 105.26%; and 
(ii) 
(A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall 
not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the 
purposes of this Condition 14, unless, always provided that (i) above is satisfied, 
Moody's has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such reduction would not result in 
any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by Moody's, being reduced,

--- Page 131 ---
131 
removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long as the Covered Bonds 
are not rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 14. 
14.2 
Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(A) 
Loan to Value: the Value of a Mortgage Credit granted by the Issuer may not exceed 
either 80% of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for 
residential purposes, or 60% of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property 
intended primarily for commercial purposes; 
(B) 
Asset Cover: the aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20% of the 
aggregate value of the Cover Pool; 
(C) 
Average Maturity: the remaining average Maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
is at all times shorter than the remaining average Maturity of the Cover Pool entered in 
the Register; 
(D) 
Interest Cover: the total amount of interest receivable on the Cover Pool will at all 
times be at least equal to or exceed the total amount of interest payable on the 
outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(E) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging 
Contracts, Other Assets and Properties will be made in compliance with the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations (in 
particular Regulation 5/2006 and Regulation 6/2006); 
(F) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary 
elements and information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; 
(G) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-
Performing Mortgage Credits; and 
(H) 
Liabilities: The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds 
cannot exceed the net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging 
Contracts.  This ratio must also be met for 200 basis points parallel shifts of the yield 
curve. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Covered 
Bonds to create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon, issue date and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Set of Agency Procedures, the 
Covered Bonds and the other Programme Documents are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Portuguese law.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Acceleration Notice" means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default – Insolvency Event and Enforcement). 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the holders of the Covered Bonds as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in 
each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
"Agent" means Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Agent with head office at 
Praça Dom João I, 28, 4000-295 Oporto, Portugal. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Covered Bonds, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate. 
"Bank of Portugal Regulations" means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of 
Portugal regulating certain aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, namely Regulation 5/2006, 
Regulation 6/ 2006, Instruction 13/2006 and Regulation 8/2006 and any relevant regulation that 
may be issued by the Bank of Portugal in the future. 
"Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that it will on or prior to a specified date cease to publish the 
Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or 
before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A); or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Agent, as the case may be, to calculate any payments due 
to be made to the holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used or will, on or before a specified date within the 
following six months, be no longer representative or no longer permitted to be used and 
(B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (g)(A). 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"CMVM" means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities 
Market Commission. 
"Common Representative" means Bondholders, S. L., in its capacity as representative of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, having its registered office at Avenida de Francia 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia (Spain), 
which appointment is, at the date of this Prospectus, subject to the approval by the holders of 
outstanding Covered Bonds, in a meeting that is in the process of being convened. Pending this 
approval, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, initially appointed on 5 June 2007, acts as 
common representative of the holders of the outstanding Covered Bonds.  
"Cover Pool" means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and 
the Other Preferred Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and 
the Other Assets, as specified in the Register.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
"Cover Pool Monitor" means Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A. (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors ("Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161389, 
with registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 Lisbon. 
"Covered Bond" means any mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Covered Bonds" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Covered Bonds Law" means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds, enacted by Decree-Law No. 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended or 
superseded from time to time. 
"Current Property Value" means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the 
updated Property Valuation of such Property. 
"Euro", "€" or "euro" means the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to such 
Covered Bonds. 
"Hedging Contracts" means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity 
risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer. 
"Instruction 13/2006" means the regulatory instruction ("Instrução") No. 13/2006 issued by 
the Bank of Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of 
mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Interbolsa" means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
"Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds where 
Screen Rate Determination applies, the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period is to be determined. 
"Interest Amount" means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
"Loan to Value" means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of 
such Mortgage Credit to the Current Property Value of the Property securing such Mortgage 
Credit. 
"Maturity" means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage 
Credits, Hedging Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable. 
"Mortgage" means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage 
over the relevant Property together with all other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of 
which is vested in the Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
"Mortgage Credit" means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any 
Additional Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the 
following eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law: 
(a) 
it is a pecuniary receivable not yet matured, which is neither subject to conditions nor 
encumbered, judicially seized or apprehended and which (a) is secured by first ranking 
mortgages over residential or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; or 
(b) 
secured by a junior mortgage but where all Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto are 
held by the Issuer and also allocated to the relevant cover pool; or 
(c) 
secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution, or (ii) an appropriate 
insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing 
(a) or (b) above. 
(d) 
"Non-Performing Mortgage Credits" means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that 
such Mortgage Credit: 
(e) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(f) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears 
and those payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
"Other Assets" means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which 
comply with the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are 
included in the Cover Pool as specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions 
in the Eurosystem; 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or 
group relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum 
rating required at any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating 
shall in any event be at least equal to "A-" or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity 
as defined by the Bank of Portugal; For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not 
include any cash collateral that may be transferred under the Hedging Contracts.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
"Other Preferred Creditors" means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) 
and the Hedge Counterparties. 
"Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 105.26% or such other percentage as may be 
selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: 
(i) the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, be reduced by the Issuer below 105.26%; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds 
are rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14, unless, always 
provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody's has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such 
reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by any 
Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and (B) so long 
as the Covered Bonds are not rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time 
reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14. 
"Paying Agents" means the paying agents named in the Set of Agency Procedures together 
with any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Covered Bonds under the Set of Agency Procedures. 
"Programme Resolution" means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default – Insolvency Event 
and Enforcement) or directing the Common Representative to take any enforcement action and 
which shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds 
of all Series then outstanding. 
"Property" means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment 
of such Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and "Properties" means all 
of them. 
"Property Valuation" means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of 
such Property in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such 
Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance 
with Regulation 5/2006; and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognised indices or 
statistical methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required 
pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and Regulation 5/2006. 
"Register" means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
"Regulation 5/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving 
as security for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage 
covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation 6/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in 
relation to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation 8/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or

--- Page 137 ---
137 
dissolution of a credit institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount 
of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given 
Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into, shares, bonds 
or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or 
to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; and 
(vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 
14(C). 
"Resolution" means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered 
Bonds and approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended or superseded 
from time to time. 
"Set of Agency Procedures" means the set of agency procedures (such set of agency 
procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 15 May 
2019 and made and agreed by Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, 
Paying Agent and the Issuer and agreed to by any subsequent agent, paying agent or agent bank 
appointed by the Issuer. 
"Stock Exchange" means Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds 
may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2 Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System. 
"Tax" shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
fee, deduction or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest 
payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority and "Taxes", "taxation", "taxable" and 
comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Tax Authority" means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, 
revenue, customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, 
revenue, customs or excise function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. 
Revenue and Customs. 
"Tax Deduction" means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
"Terms and Conditions" means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to 
be applicable to the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall 
be construed in relation to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
"Value" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit, (i) for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage, an amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the 
Register, together with any matured and accrued interest; and (ii) for the purpose of 
Loan to Value calculation, an amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage Credit 
entered on the Register; 
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued 
interest, as entered on the Register; 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by 
the Eurosystem for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if 
lower, the nominal value of such securities, including matured and accrued 
interests.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, only duly licensed credit institutions allowed by law to grant mortgage loans, and having 
own funds not lower than EUR 7,500,000, may issue covered bonds.  The Issuer complies with these 
requirements and is thus allowed to issue covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law.  The Cover Pool contains mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and other 
eligible assets subject to the limitations provided for in the Covered Bonds Law.  The Covered Bonds 
Law allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static.  
Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be comprised in the Cover Pool 
may change from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure compliance with the requirements 
of the Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank of Portugal Regulations (as defined in Definitions). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a segregated register 
(the "Register") in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
The Issuer plans to issue from time to time Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover Pool 
additional mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Covered Bonds in 
accordance with relevant provisions of the Covered Bonds Law, as further detailed below. 
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions 
of the Covered Bonds Law, to take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or 
being repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below 
may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
Mortgage Credits should be pecuniary receivables of the Issuer not yet matured, which are neither 
subject to conditions nor encumbered, judicially seized or apprehended and which a) are secured by 
first ranking mortgages over residential or commercial real estate located in an EU Member State; or b) 
are secured by a junior mortgage but where all mortgage credits ranking senior thereto are held by the 
Issuer and also allocated to the relevant cover pool; or c) are secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted 
by a credit institution, or (ii) an appropriate insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage 
counter guarantee evidencing the characteristics described above. 
"Other Assets" Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem (which is the monetary authority of the euro area which comprises the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the euro); 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating given

--- Page 140 ---
140 
at any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be 
at least equal to "A-" or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets meeting both the low risk and high liquidity requirements of the Bank of Portugal 
Regulations. 
The aggregate value of the Other Assets may not exceed 20% of the aggregate value of mortgage assets 
and other assets allocated as collateral to all Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits 
which are located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the 
Covered Bonds Law.  The Cover Pool may also include mortgage credit that has been granted under 
the subsidised credit regime, pursuant to Decree-Law No. 349/98, of 11 November 1998. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits 
which have their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which 
the associated Property is located for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law outside Portugal without 
first notifying (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) Moody's, 
Fitch and the relevant DBRS entity to ascertain whether any such action will not result in a downgrade 
of the rating then ascribed by such rating agency to the Covered Bonds. 
Asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 80 of Guideline ECB/2014/60 
are not included in the Cover Pool at the date of this Base Prospectus and will not be included by the 
Issuer in the Cover Pool for as long as this Base Prospectus's validity has not expired. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Covered Bonds Law allows the Cover Pool to include hedging contracts aimed exclusively at 
hedging risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks.  These hedging contracts will form 
part of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Law and described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law, any such hedging contract can only be entered 
into (i) in a regulated market of an EU Member State, or (ii) recognised market of an OECD country, 
or (iii) with a counterparty which is a credit institution with a rating of at least "A-" or equivalent.  The 
Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to develop, by regulatory notice ("Aviso"), the 
eligibility criteria for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, 
identify (i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the corresponding 
Cover Pool; (iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the 
commencement date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer 
must enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits, as and when comprised in the Cover 
Pool, will be managed through Hedging Contracts.  Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge 
Counterparty relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer.  The Hedging 
Contracts will qualify as derivative financial instruments for the purposes of the Covered Bonds Law. 
The terms of any Hedging Contracts to be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty, will include, among 
other termination events, provisions that provide that if the rating of any Hedge Counterparty short-
term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) falls below "F1" by Fitch, and as a result of such downgrade the then

--- Page 141 ---
141 
current rating of the Covered Bonds is downgraded or placed under review for possible downgrade, or 
the rating of any Hedge Counterparty long-term IDR falls below "A" by Fitch, and as a result of such 
downgrade the then current rating of the Covered Bonds is downgraded or placed under review for 
possible downgrade, or if the rating of any Hedge Counterparty long-term unsecured, unsubordinated 
debt obligations falls below "A3" by Moody's (or ceases to be rated) at any time, the Hedge 
Counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: (i) providing 
collateral for its obligations under the Hedging Contract, subject to any applicable Rating Agencies' 
criteria regarding Hedge Counterparty exposures; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the Hedging 
Contracts to be transferred to an entity with ratings given pursuant to the criteria of the relevant rating 
agency; (iii) procuring another entity with ratings given pursuant to the criteria of the relevant rating 
agency to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the Hedging Contracts; or (iv) taking 
such other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency.  A failure to take such steps will allow 
the Issuer to terminate the Hedging Contracts. 
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the amount of any mortgage credit asset included in the Cover 
Pool may not exceed (i) the value of the corresponding Mortgage, (ii) 80% of the value of the Property, 
if it is residential property, or 60% of the value of the Property, if it is commercial property.  See 
Valuation of Cover Pool below. 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE TERM TO MATURITY 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain criteria, including matching weighted average term to maturity, 
which are required to be met by the Issuer in respect of its Cover Pool.  In any case, the average maturity 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the average maturity of the Mortgage 
Credits and Other Assets allocated to the relevant issuance. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the nominal principal amount of any Covered Bonds outstanding 
may not exceed 95% of the aggregate nominal amount of the Cover Pool less any Covered Bonds 
acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and not cancelled.  In addition, the aggregate 
amount of interest payable to the holders of Covered Bonds may not exceed, at any time, the amount of 
interest to be collected under the Cover Pool (including both the Mortgage Credits and the Other Assets) 
allocated to the Covered Bonds. 
In compliance with the above legal requirements, Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of 
Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise the Cover Pool with respect 
to outstanding Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105.26% or such other percentage as may be 
selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below 105.26%; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated Aa1 or above 
by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies 
for the purposes of Condition 14, unless, always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody's has 
confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned 
to the Covered Bonds by Moody's being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch; and 
(B) so long as the Covered Bonds are not rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any 
time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants).  See Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred to above:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be included at their outstanding principal amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
together with accrued but unpaid interest; 
(c) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by 
one value resulting from the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the 
Eurosystem or, if lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued 
but unpaid interests. 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange 
rates published by the European Central Bank as a reference. 
In addition, the net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of Covered Bonds cannot exceed 
the net present value of the Cover Pool, including any Hedging Contracts.  This ratio must also be met 
for 200 basis point parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must monitor the Issuer's compliance with the financial requirements 
established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations described in this section.  
The Issuer must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with any 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Law summarised herein (or when it is reasonable to expect that they 
will not be complied with), take all steps to comply with that provision, by undertaking one or more of 
the following procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new mortgage credit assets, with or without substitution of those already allocated to 
the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
allocating additional Other Assets; and/or 
(c) 
acquiring Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Covered Bonds Law sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by the 
Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to specify, by regulatory notice ("Aviso"), 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matters 
that it considers relevant for determining the value of mortgage credit assets or Other Assets for the 
purposes of the Covered Bonds Law.  The Covered Bonds Law also empowers the Bank of Portugal to 
specify, by regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of 
valuation and any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the value of substitution assets 
that are to be comprised in the Cover Pool.  These requirements are set out in Regulation 5/2006 and 
Regulation 6/2006.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool corresponds 
to the commercial value of such Property, determined in accordance with prudent criteria and taking 
into consideration (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such Property, (ii) the standard 
conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant Property, and (iv) any alternative uses 
of the Property in question. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by the Issuer to each 
of the Properties related to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool may not be higher than the 
market value of such Property.  For these purposes, the "market value" of each Property shall 
correspond to the price by which the relevant Property can be purchased by a third party able to complete 
such purchase on the date of the valuation of the Property, assuming that (i) the Property is publicly put 
on sale, (ii) the market conditions allow for a regular transfer of such Property, and (iii) there is a normal 
period of time to, considering the nature of the Property in question, negotiate the purchase and sale of 
such Property. 
Valuation by expert 
Prior to the inclusion in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued 
by a real estate valuation expert.  Such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert 
whenever (i) the information available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial 
decrease in the value of the Property or (ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in 
relation to general market prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Regulation 5/2006 may, 
however, be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations were carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis 
and credit decision-making process within the Group; 
(b) 
the valuations were subject to a written report from the valuation expert that includes, in a clear 
and accurate way elements that allow the understanding of the analysis and conclusions of the 
valuation expert; 
(c) 
the Properties had been valued in light of the corresponding market value or the value of the 
mortgaged Property, as established by Regulation 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property is over-valued at the time of allocation of 
the relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required 
valuation of Properties shall be independent and be adequately qualified and experienced for the 
performance of their functions.  The Issuer may not appoint a real estate valuation expert with any 
potential conflicts of interest, notably where there is (i) any specific interest of the real estate valuation 
expert in the Property subject to the valuation, (ii) any relationship, commercial or personal, with the 
borrower of the Mortgage Credit related to the Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the 
remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on the valuation of the relevant Property. 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the Group, provided such valuation expert is 
independent from the credit analysis and decision-making process within the Group.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
The selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must ensure adequate diversification and 
rotation, and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of selected valuation experts, setting 
out the criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well as the Properties valued by each 
valuation expert.  This list shall be sent to the Bank of Portugal by the end of January of each year, 
indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such list from the list submitted the previous year. 
Under Regulation 5/2006, the Bank of Portugal may, in relation to a given Property, require the Issuer 
to appoint another valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous valuation 
raises doubts as to its correctness. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following 
methods of valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property 
subject to valuation, as well as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full 
understanding of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description and basis for the selection of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used 
and/or assumptions adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short 
term market or the market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the mortgaged Property and of the 
market value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that he has effected the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations; and 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5% of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) EUR 500,000, 
in the case of residential Properties, or EUR 1,000,000, in the case of commercial Properties, the 
valuation of the relevant Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three 
years. 
The Issuer shall also perform any internal check of the value of each of the Properties once every three 
years, for residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties.  The Issuer may be 
required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that indicates that a

--- Page 145 ---
145 
substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the Property value may have suffered 
a material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to 
recognised indices or statistical methods.  In this case, the Issuer shall send the Bank of Portugal a report 
with the detailed description of such indices and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, 
together with an opinion on the adequacy of such indices and statistical methods produced by a 
reputable independent valuation expert. 
All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be documented by the Issuer, setting out the 
description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool 
Monitor to supervise compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds 
Law and in Regulation 5/2006 relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of Other Assets 
Pursuant to Regulation 6/2006, the Other Assets shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for according to the 
value resulting from the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, if any property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and 
principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset comprised in the Cover Pool does not have an adequate 
insurance policy contracted by the relevant owner, the Issuer must obtain such insurance coverage 
adequate to the risks inherent to the relevant property.  The Issuer must bear the costs of such insurance.  
In any case, the insurance policy attached to any property included in the Cover Pool must provide for 
a full coverage, allowing, in case of total loss, for such property to be rebuilt. 
Any compensation due under any such insurance policies must be paid directly to the Issuer, up to the 
limit of the relevant Mortgage Credit. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
("património autónomo"), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all 
amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and 
discharged. 
The Covered Bonds Law provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover 
Pool (including Mortgage Credits, Other Assets and Hedging Contracts) must be recorded in a 
segregated register within, and maintained by, the Issuer.  Such register must record the following: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
(ii) 
the applicable interest rate; 
(iii) 
the applicable amortisation; 
(iv) 
the notary's office where the relevant mortgage was entered into, when applicable; and 
(v) 
the reference regarding the definitive inscription of the mortgages in the corresponding real 
estate registry. 
Pursuant to article 4.3 of the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool is identified in the transaction 
documents by a code.  The key to such code is deposited with the Bank of Portugal which has 
promulgated, by regulatory notice ("Aviso"), the conditions under which the holders of Covered Bonds 
may have access to the segregated register of the Cover Pool. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over 
the Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Credits, the Other Assets and the Hedging Contracts) with 
preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal and payment of 
interest due under the Covered Bonds.  Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, this special creditor 
privilege applies automatically for the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, the Common 
Representative and the Hedge Counterparties and is not subject to registration. 
The mortgages created as security for the mortgage credit assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall 
prevail over all other real estate preferential claims. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE REGARDING THE COVER POOL 
On a quarterly basis, the Issuer produces an investor report (the "Investor Report") containing key 
information regarding characteristics of the Cover Pool, outstanding Covered Bonds and Other Assets, 
as at the last business day of each calendar quarter.  The Investor Report is produced and distributed by 
the end of the calendar month following each calendar quarter, and distributed to the Rating Agencies 
and Cover Pool Monitor, via electronic mail.  The issuer makes the Investor Report available to 
investors by sending it to Bloomberg L.P.'s financial portal (http://www.bloomberg.com/), via 
electronic mail, as well as by publishing it in on the Issuer's corporate website (www.millenniumbcp.pt).

--- Page 147 ---
147 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER  
The Covered Bonds Law governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds.  
In the event of dissolution and winding-up (including on grounds of insolvency) of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bonds Law establishes that the Cover Pool shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of 
the Issuer and will not form part thereof until full payment of any amounts due to the holders of Covered 
Bonds.  The amounts corresponding to payment of interest and repayment of principal of the Mortgage 
Credits and Other Assets will not form part of the insolvency estate of the Issuer. 
The Cover Pool will, in such an event, be separated from the Issuer's insolvency estate so as to be 
autonomously managed until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of Covered Bonds and the 
Other Preferred Creditors.  In this situation, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the holders of Covered 
Bonds are entitled to adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by 
a majority of at least two thirds of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which 
case the entity appointed to manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit 
of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the plan for the voluntary dissolution and 
winding-up of the Issuer, which shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to Article 35-A of 
the Banking Law, shall identify a Substitute Credit Institution appointed to (i) manage the Cover Pool 
allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds are made.  Such plan shall also describe the general framework and 
conditions under which those actions will be rendered by the Substitute Credit Institution. 
In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank 
of Portugal is required, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, to appoint a 
Substitute Credit Institution to manage the Cover Pool allocated to the Covered Bonds outstanding and 
to ensure that payments due to the holders of such Covered Bonds are made. 
The fees to be paid to the appointed Substitute Credit Institution shall be determined by the Bank of 
Portugal at the time of such appointment and shall be paid out of the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Regulation 8/2006, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of 
Portugal to service the Cover Pool following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
immediately upon being appointed, prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the Cover 
Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes; 
(ii) 
perform all acts and things necessary or desirable for the prudent management of the Cover 
Pool and respective guarantees in order to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to 
holders of Covered Bonds including, without limitation: 
a. 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
b. 
ensuring the timely collection in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the 
Cover Pool; and 
c. 
performing administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits; 
(iii) 
maintain and keep updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law; and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(iv) 
prepare an annual financial report in relation to the Cover Pool and the outstanding Covered 
Bonds. This report shall be the subject of an audit report produced by an independent auditor.  
The independent auditor shall be appointed as Cover Pool Monitor by the Substitute Credit 
Institution in accordance with Article 34 of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Furthermore, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the Cover 
Pool following an Insolvency Event of the Issuer shall perform all acts and things necessary or 
convenient for maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under such Mortgage Credits.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS   
Bondholders, S. L., with registered office at Avenida de Francia 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia (Spain), has 
been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 
14 of the Covered Bonds Law and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement, being its appointment, at the date of this Prospectus, 
subject to the approval by the holders of outstanding Covered Bonds, in a meeting that is in the process 
of being convened. Pending this approval, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, initially appointed on 
5 June 2007, acts as common representative of the holders of the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Covered Bonds.  
According to the Covered Bonds Law and to the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code, 
the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to 
ensure protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, namely: (a) to represent the holders of Covered 
Bonds in respect of all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their 
behalf their legal or contractual rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the 
holders of Covered Bonds, in particular those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be 
decided; (c) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial 
proceedings against the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or 
insolvency commenced by or against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant 
documentation in respect of the Issuer which is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the 
holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information regarding the issuance of the Covered Bonds it 
may become aware of by virtue of its role as Common Representative under the Common 
Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the 
Common Representative and appoint a new common representative.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
COVER POOL MONITOR   
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Covered Bonds Law requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person 
or entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the "Cover Pool Monitor") who shall be responsible, for 
the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the 
requirements contained in the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor registered 
with the CMVM.  For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related 
with or associated to any group of specific interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that 
hinders its ability to make independent analysis and decisions.  In particular, such independent auditor 
shall not (i) hold 2% or more of the share capital of the Issuer, either directly or on behalf of a third 
party; or (ii) have been re-elected for more than two terms either consecutive or not. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Cover Pool 
Monitor in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor's responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the 
holders of Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 15 May 2019, the Issuer appointed Deloitte & 
Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. as Cover Pool Monitor.  Deloitte & 
Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. is registered with the CMVM under 
registration number 20161389. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Covered Bonds Law in relation to 
the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer 
Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds.  The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), 
valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the 
Cover Pool, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the replacement by the Issuer of the Cover 
Pool Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Law, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the 
benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and in the Bank of Portugal Regulations in respect 
of the Cover Pool.  In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the 
Issuer with the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool 
and Issuer Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations, the Cover Pool Monitor is 
entitled to be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements relating to outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce an annual report with an 
assessment of the Issuer's compliance with the requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and 
in the Bank of Portugal Regulations, in particular those requirements relating to the level of 
collateralisation, the loan-to-value ratios limitations and the valuation of assets comprised in the Cover

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Pool.  The Cover Pool Monitor must also prepare opinions certifying the statements of the management 
body of the Issuer, relating to information and documentation filed with the Bank of Portugal. 
The Cover Pool Monitor must notify the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, after becoming aware 
that the Issuer has contravened any of the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law and/or that any of the 
requirements of the Cover Pool are not being complied with.  If the situation remains unremedied within 
10 business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will notify the Arrangers and the 
relevant Dealers of the contravention or non-compliance.  For the purposes of this notification, the 
Cover Pool Monitor will develop quarterly procedures to be defined with the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds Law empowers the Bank of Portugal to promulgate, by regulatory notice ("Aviso"), 
requirements applicable to the content and disclosure of any reports of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL 
MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated 
by the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor and appoint a new 
entity to act in such capacity.  Any such termination shall not become effective until a new cover pool 
monitor is appointed in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement.  Additionally, 
the Cover Pool Monitor may retire at any time upon giving not less than three calendar months' notice 
in writing to the Issuer.  Such retirement shall not become effective until the appointment of a new 
cover pool monitor.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
Group Overview 
The Group is one of the largest privately owned banking groups based in Portugal, in terms of assets, 
credit and deposits.  The Group offers a wide range of banking products and related financial services, 
both in Portugal and internationally, namely demand accounts, instruments of payment, savings and 
investment products, mortgage loans, consumer credit, commercial banking, leasing, factoring, 
insurance, private banking and asset management, among others, and its customers are served on a 
segmented basis.  Internationally, the Group has significant operations in Poland, Angola (in 2016, 
BMA merged with BPA and as a result the Angola operation is now consolidated under the equity 
method) and Mozambique.  In addition, the Bank has a presence in Switzerland, the Cayman Islands 
and Macao. 
In accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the European Union, the Group had, at the end of December 
2020, total assets in the amount of EUR 85,813 million and total customer funds (including customer 
deposits, debt securities, assets under management, assets placed with customers and insurance products 
(savings and investments)) in the sum of EUR 84,492 million.  Loans to customers (gross) amounted to 
EUR 56,146 million (of which EUR 54.2 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at 
amortised cost – Loans to customers", EUR 1.6 billion were recorded in the caption "Debt securities 
held associated with credit operations" and EUR 0.354 billion (gross amount without considering fair 
value adjustments) were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value").  According to the 
interpretation of the CRD IV and CRR, CET1 fully-implemented ratio pro forma reached 12.2%, as at 
31 December 2020.  Based on the latest available data from Banco de Portugal, the Group accounted 
for 17.5% of loans to customers (gross) and 18.1% of deposits in the Portuguese banking sector on 31 
December 2020. 
In addition, on 31 December 2020, the Bank was the fifth largest company listed on Euronext Lisbon 
in terms of market capitalisation (EUR 1,862 million). 
The Bank is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Oporto under the sole commercial 
registration and tax identification number 501 525 882 and its registered offices are located at Praça 
Dom João I, 28, 4000–295 Oporto, with telephone number +351 211 134 001 and website 
www.millenniumbcp.pt. 
The Bank operates notably under the Portuguese Companies Code and the Banking Law. See 
"Legislation regulating the activity of the Bank" below. 
Bank History 
BCP was incorporated on 17 June 1985 as a limited liability company ("sociedade anónima") organised 
under the laws of Portugal following the deregulation of the Portuguese banking industry.  BCP was 
founded by a group of over 200 shareholders and a team of experienced banking professionals who 
sought to capitalise on the opportunity to form an independent financial institution that would serve the 
then underdeveloped Portuguese financial market more effectively than state-owned banks. 
While the Bank's development was initially characterised by organic growth, a series of strategic 
acquisitions helped solidify its position in the Portuguese market and increase its offering of financial 
products and services.  In March 1995, BCP acquired control of Banco Português do Atlântico, S.A. 
("Atlântico"), which was then the largest private bank in Portugal.  This was followed by a joint takeover 
bid for the whole share capital of Atlântico.  In June 2000, Atlântico was merged into BCP.  In 2000, 
BCP also acquired Império, along with Banco Mello and Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor.  In 2004, with a 
view to strengthening its focus on the core business of distribution of financial products and optimising

--- Page 153 ---
153 
capital consumption, BCP sold insurers Império Bonança, Seguro Directo, Impergesto and 
Servicomercial to the Caixa Geral de Depósitos group.  BCP also entered into agreements with Fortis 
(currently Ageas) for the sale of a controlling stake and management control of insurers Ocidental - 
Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A., Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. 
and Médis - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A., as well as the pension fund manager 
PensõesGere - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. 
After the consolidation of its position in the Portuguese banking market, the Bank focused on the 
development of its retail business in new regions, with the goal of attaining significant positions in 
emerging markets in Europe and in Africa.  The Bank concentrated on businesses with strong growth 
prospects in foreign markets with a close historical connection to Portugal or that have large 
communities of Portuguese origin (such as Angola, Mozambique, the United States, Canada, France, 
Luxembourg and Macao), as well as in markets where the Bank's successful Portuguese business model 
can be effectively exported and tailored to suit such local markets (such as Poland, Greece and 
Romania).  The Bank has pursued a consistent strategy of market segmentation.  Until 2003, these 
segments were served through autonomous distribution networks operating under a variety of brand 
names.  In October 2003, BCP began the process of replacing these brands in Portugal with a single 
brand name Millennium bcp.  The rebranding in other markets was completed in 2006.  All operations 
of the Bank are now carried out under the "Millennium" brand.  In Portugal, the Bank also operates 
under the "ActivoBank" brand. 
In 2004, the Bank also sold its non-life insurance businesses and divested a portion of its life insurance 
business by entering into a joint venture with Ageas (formerly Fortis), named Millenniumbcp Ageas, 
of which 51% is held by Ageas and 49% by the Bank. 
In recent years, the Bank has refocused on operations that it considers core to its business.  As part of 
this refocus, the Bank divested several of its international operations (in France, Luxembourg, United 
States, Canada, Greece, Turkey and Romania), while retaining commercial protocols to facilitate 
remittances from Portuguese emigrants in some markets.  In 2010, the Bank transformed its Macao off-
shore branch into an on-shore branch. 
In February 2012, the Bank adopted a management restructuring through the introduction of a one-tier 
management and supervisory model, composed of the Board of Directors, including an Executive 
Committee and Audit Committee (the latter comprising non-executive members, in accordance with 
the applicable law), and of the Statutory Auditor.   
In December 2012, the Bank prepared and presented to the Portuguese government a restructuring plan 
(the "Restructuring Plan"), required by national law and by the applicable European rules on matters 
of State aid.  The Restructuring Plan was formally submitted by the Portuguese government to the 
European Commission and, in July 2013, the Bank agreed with the European Commission a 
Restructuring Plan, entailing an improvement of the profitability of the Bank in Portugal through 
continued cost reduction.  In September 2013, the Directorate-General for Competition announced its 
formal decision in connection with its agreement with the Portuguese authorities concerning the Bank's 
Restructuring Plan.  Pursuant to the decision, the Bank's Restructuring Plan was found in compliance 
with the European Union's rules relating to State aid, demonstrating the Bank's viability without 
continued State support.  The approved Restructuring Plan aimed at strengthening the Bank's strategy 
by focusing on its core activities. 
In May 2014, as part of a process aiming to refocus on core activities defined as a priority in its Strategic 
Plan, the Bank announced that it agreed with the international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of 
the strategic partnership agreements entered into in 2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in 
the (currently jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance 
business, i.e. Ocidental – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa 
de Seguros de Saúde, S.A..

--- Page 154 ---
154 
In April 2016, the Bank announced the conclusion of the merger between BMA and BPA, resulting in 
Angola's second-largest private sector bank in terms of loans to the economy, with a market share of 
approximately 10% by business volume. 
BCP announced in January 2017 a EUR 1.3 billion rights issue with transferable pre-emptive 
subscription rights.  The aim of this transaction was to bring forward the full repayment of remaining 
Government Subscribed Securities and the removal of key State-aid related restrictions, including 
dividend ban, risk of potential sale of core businesses and tail risk of conversion.  This transaction was 
designed to strengthening the balance sheet through the improvement of CET1 FL ratio and Texas ratio, 
bringing them in line with new industry benchmarks and above current regulatory requirements. 
In August 2019, the merger of Bank Millennium S.A. with Euro Bank S.A. ("Eurobank") was approved 
on an Extraordinary General Meeting of Bank Millennium S.A.  The completion of the integration of 
Eurobank into Bank Millennium S.A. took place on 27 December 2019, with Bank Millennium S.A. 
being the surviving entity from the merger and now operating under a single brand, a single operating 
system and a single legal entity. 
In December 2019, the merger deed of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Bank, by incorporation into the latter, was signed, thus completing the incorporation 
process of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A. into the Bank. 
Business Overview 
Nature of Operations and Principal Activities 
The Group provides a wide variety of banking services and financial activities in Portugal and abroad, 
where it is present in the following markets: Poland, Switzerland, Mozambique, Angola (through its 
associate BMA) and China.  In Portugal, the Bank's operations are primarily in retail banking, but it 
also offers a complete range of additional financial services (in accordance with Article 3 of the articles 
of association of the Bank, which provides that "the purpose of the Bank is to engage in banking 
activities with such latitude as may be permitted by law").  The Bank also engages in a number of 
international activities and partnerships. 
The Bank's banking products and services include demand accounts, instruments of payment, savings 
and investments, mortgage loans, consumer credit, commercial banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, 
private banking and asset management, among others.  The Bank's domestic retail banking activities 
are conducted mainly through its marketing and distribution network in Portugal, which follows a 
segmented approach to the Portuguese retail banking market and serves the diverse banking needs of 
specific groups of customers.  Back office operations for the distribution network are integrated in order 
to explore economies of scale. 
The Bank has subsidiaries that offer additional financial services, including investment banking, asset 
management and insurance.  These subsidiaries generally distribute their products through the Bank's 
distribution networks.  The Bank's retail banking and related financial services activities, together with 
its international operations and partnerships, are described in greater detail below. 
Strategy 
Since 2011, the Group has successfully executed an operational turnaround, reinforcing its financial 
and capital position despite the adverse setting of the banking sector in the core Portuguese market.  
This position reflects achievements, such as a cost reduction of approximately 40% in Portugal since 
2011, and a reduction in Group NPEs exceeding 75% since 2013 (from EUR 13.7 billion in December 
2013 to EUR 3.3 billion in December 2020).  Three distinctive competences were at the core of this

--- Page 155 ---
155 
turnaround: a customer-oriented relationship model, market-leading efficiency, and a competitive 
international portfolio. 
The Bank is now ready to embark on a new cycle of growth with profitability, requiring complementary 
capabilities to cope with the evolving context and the need to secure a fully sustainable position.  These 
include leading digital, mobile, and analytics capabilities (preparing the organisation to be competitive 
in the new age) and integration in value chains and ecosystems (embedding into its customers' needs 
and reach), complemented by a robust balance sheet and rigorous capital allocation and shaped by 
strong governance (continuing its effort to de-risk the portfolio and reinforcing focus on value-added 
business). 
Against this backdrop, the Bank has defined five overarching priorities for the future: 
• 
Talent mobilisation, which will entail energising employees to drive the Bank's agenda as a team, 
promoting greater engagement and proactivity and empowering decision making in a collaborative 
model.  The Bank's talent will also to be reinvigorated by developing a merit-based growth model 
and fostering the development of new capabilities.  Finally, the Bank will review its compensation 
processes across teams to ensure alignment with the new agenda and performance. 
• 
Mobile-centric digitisation, aspiring to double down on efforts to transform customer experience 
and enable productivity gains across geographies, reemphasising Millennium's innovation 
trademark.  The main priorities consist of redesigning the digital experience from a mobile-centric 
approach, transforming top customer journeys, setting up a convenient and productive omnichannel 
model, and transforming operations through the deployment of NextGen technologies (such as 
robotics and natural language processing).  In parallel, an IT strategy focused on upgrading 
technology, data, security, and ways of working will enable these levers. 
• 
Growth and leading position in Portugal, aiming to maximize the potential of the unique position 
in which the Bank emerges out of the financial crisis (the largest private Portuguese bank) implying 
a renewed commitment to grow the customer base and expand relationships.  This will materialize 
into helping Portuguese businesses thrive (e.g., building a position as the preferred partner for sound 
small businesses), while serving its individual customers across their full range of needs.  The 
Group further aspire to capture the full potential of ActivoBank's simple and value-based offer and 
assess potential internationalisation options. 
• 
Growth in international footprint, with the objective of capitalising on the opportunities offered by 
the high-growth intrinsics of markets where the Bank has a presence and competitive advantage.  
This implies growing in Poland by deepening retail relationships and enlarging the customer 
business base; a step change in Switzerland by growing existing business and exploring new 
markets and digital advice; leveraging market leading position in Mozambique to focus on 
profitability and capturing the tailwinds of large commodity investments planned; building on its 
position in Angola as a trusted and sound business partner with unique local relationships; and 
exploring emerging China related opportunities (trade and investment flows, payments, private 
banking). 
• 
Business model sustainability, maintaining the improvement of its credit portfolio quality as a clear 
priority, by reducing the NPE stock (reduction to EUR 3 billion) and simultaneously lowering the 
cost of risk.  Risk and compliance governance will also be strengthened to ensure a sustainable 
growth of credit volume with a sound risk profile. 
Following the economic impact of the current pandemic, the successful execution of these priorities 
should enable the Bank to accomplish a set of strategic objectives: franchise growth (over 6 million 
active customers), readiness for the future (keeping the percentage of digital customers above 60%), a

--- Page 156 ---
156 
sustainable business model (with NPEs reaching EUR 3 billion), and attractive returns for shareholders 
(approximately 40% cost-to-income and approximately 10% ROE). 
Business Model 
The internal organisational model of the Bank covers four business areas: Retail, Companies, Asset 
Management & Private Banking and Business Abroad (Europe, Africa and Other), and two support 
units: Processes and Banking Services and Corporate Areas. 
Regarding the internal organisation and decision-making structure, it is important to note the existence 
of a series of Commissions and Sub-Commissions directly appointed by the Executive Commission 
which, apart from the Directors who are specifically entrusted with the monitoring of matters, include 
the employees of the Bank or Group who are the heads of their respective areas. 
As at 18 March 2021, there were 14 Commissions and 2 Sub-Commissions aimed at facilitating the 
coordination of current managerial decisions, involving the senior management of the units included in 
each business area, with a view to reconciling perspectives and supporting the managerial decision-
making process of the Executive Commission, as follows: 
 Costs and Investments Commission: This Commission has the mission of regular follow-ups on the 
evolution and optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which are more 
significant for the Bank and of the respective negotiations and costs authorisation; 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Costs and Investments Commission, the Costs and 
Investments Sub-Commission whose mission is the regular follow-up of the evolution and 
optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which are more significant for 
the Bank and of the respective negotiations; also issues of opinions or authorisation of costs for all 
the purchases of goods and services that are not within the competence of the coordinator managers, 
in accordance with the regulations in effect; 
 Corporate, Investment Banking and Institutional Banking Commission: The functions of this 
Commission are: (i) follow-up of and decision-making on the activity related to Company Clients, 
Corporate and Large Corporate, public sector, Institutional and Investment Banking for analysis of 
objective fulfilment levels; (ii) definition and approval of the business activities priorities; (iii) 
assessment of the business context and proposal of commercial actions that are appropriate for each 
clients specific segment; (iv) assessment of the business main risk indicators; (v) assessment of the 
models for the articulation of the business concerning its migration in the value proposal and the 
interconnection of the bank's networks; and (vi) generating opportunities through cross networking 
with other business units of the Millennium bcp Group; 
 Human Resources Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is the definition of the 
strategy and approval of the Bank's human resources policies, including the overview of the top 10 
Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs"), contracts and internal mobility, span of control, 
compensation, benefits and recognition programmes.  The Human Resources Commission is 
internally aiming to reinforce the culture, strategic alignment and mobilisation, and externally, in 
terms of value proposal and image, as well as the approach/relationship with relevant stakeholders, 
and the identification of policies, practices and systems to introduce/recommend actions in other 
countries where the Group operates are also functions of this Commission; 
 Retail Commission: This Commission is entrusted to follow-up on the performance of the 
commercial networks, segments and channels (objective fulfilment levels and evolution) and to 
assess the business context and definition of commercial action priorities.  This Commission also 
analyses the main indicators for products and services and the decisions on changes to the Bank's

--- Page 157 ---
157 
product range, as well of the main indicators for quality and customer experience, claims and 
customer satisfaction (external and internal); 
 Compliance and Operational Risks Commission: The main mission of this Commission is 
monitoring the activity of the Bank and/or of the branches/subsidiaries of the Group in each 
jurisdiction, regularly coordinating and managing the policies and obligations of the Bank and/or 
of the branches/subsidiaries of the Group, in order to ensure compliance with the legal and 
compliance regulations, the alignment of the Group strategies and the setting of priorities; 
monitoring the risk management framework (including IT and Outsourcing risks), ensuring its 
application in the Group's operations; monitoring the exposure to the operational risks and the status 
of the implementation and efficiency of the actions identified to strengthen the internal control 
environments; monitoring the management and improvement of the Bank's processes, in order to 
monitor and reduce the levels of exposure to compliance and operational risks; 
 Capital Assets and Liabilities Management Commission (CALCO): This Commission is entrusted 
in monitoring and managing market risks associated to assets and liabilities, planning and making 
capital allocation proposals and proposals to define policies for liquidity and market risk 
management, in terms of the Group consolidated balance sheet; 
 Credit Commission: This Commission decides on credit proposals transversally related with the 
banking activity of the Group and issues an advisory opinion on the credit proposals made by 
entities operating abroad and part of the Group; 
 Risk Commission: The main duty of this Commission is the definition of the framework and of the 
Group's risk management instruments and policies, establishing the respective principles, rules, 
limits and practices for the Group's entities, taking into account the risk thresholds set forth in the 
Risk Appetite Statement ("RAS").  This commission is responsible for monitoring compliance of 
group risk levels with the RAS, implementation of processes and action plans to mitigate eventual 
deviations versus RAS metrics, including a proposal for adjustment to such metrics, in cooperation 
with the Committee for Risk Assessment; 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Risk Commission, the Monitoring and Validation of 
Models Sub-Commission, that monitors and confirms the validity of the various models used by 
the Bank's risk management function, including the technical analysis of models, indicators and 
monitoring results, qualitative validations, back testing, benchmarking and analysis of adequacy 
and adhesion to the reality meant to be modelled.  It also identifies the measures necessary to 
improve model quality and propose to the Risk Commission the methodology to assess model risk 
and respective tolerance level; 
 Pension Funds Risk Monitoring Commission: This Commission is entrusted for monitoring the 
performance and risk of the Group's pension funds and the establishment of appropriate investment 
policies and hedging strategies; 
 Security, Quality and Data Protection Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is to 
define policies for information systems, physical security, data quality and management, disaster 
recovery plan and business continuity at Group level, ensuring compliance with the legal and 
regulatory requirements and the safety requirements and articulating between areas resulting from 
the application of risk management criteria and international standards.  This Commission decides 
and prioritises the implementation of initiatives/projects for the improvement of the security 
systems in view of the risks and prioritises the implementation of initiatives/projects for the 
improvement of the security systems in view of the risks and vulnerabilities identified; 
 Project Mobilizar Commission: The main mission of this Commission is analysing and approving 
different initiatives to put into action in each of the five areas of the Mobilizar Plan, as well as

--- Page 158 ---
158 
eventual corrective measures required to meet the goals set forth.  This Commission also overviews 
progress of initiatives approved, of compliance with the respective budgets, of the evolution of the 
results achieved and of the main KPI in each of the plan's areas; 
 Credit and Non-Performing Assets Monitoring Commission: The objective of this Commission is 
to follow-up the evolution of the credit exposures, foreclosed assets and of their quality, as well as 
of the main risk and performance indicators. For this purpose, this Commission: (i) monitors the 
evolution of credit exposure and the credit underwriting process; (ii) monitors the evolution of the 
credit portfolio’s quality and of the main performance and risk indicators; (iii) monitors the results 
achieved by the credit monitoring systems; (iv) follows-up the counterparty risk and the largest 
exposures concentration risk; (v) monitors the impairment evolution and the main cases of 
individual analysis; (vi) assesses the performance of the recovery procedures and (vii) monitors the 
divestment in the foreclosed assets portfolio; 
 Sustainability Commission: the mission of this Commission is the definition and the monitoring of 
the initiatives that will allow the implementation of the Sustainability Master Plan (SMP) in 
compliance with the guidelines of the Plan approved by the Executive Committee.  Always abiding 
by the internal regulations applicable to each Commission and by the functions and competences 
defined in the respective regulations, the competences that the Board of Directors has not reserved 
for itself or for the Audit Committee, for the Committee for Risk Assessment, for the Committee 
for Nominations and Remunerations and for the Committee for Corporate Governance, Ethics and 
Professional Conduct, are delegated to the Sustainability Commission.  However, the 
aforementioned delegation is subject to the condition that any of the executive directors attending 
the Sustainability Commission decide that the subject should be submitted to the Executive 
Committee for resolution; and 
 Corporate Risk Monitoring Commission: the functions of this Commission are to monitor the 
evolution recorded by the main performing credit exposures of corporate clients, particularly 
assessing the implications of the Covid-19 pandemic versus the specific risk factors of each client 
(activity sector, prior Covid-19 financial standing, costs structure, etc), issuing opinions regarding 
the credit strategy to be adopted; and to follow-up the counter party risk and the largest exposures 
concentration risk. 
Other Financial Services in Portugal 
Mortgage Lending 
The Bank entered the mortgage lending business in 1992, when it launched, in association with Cariplo 
– Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarda S.p.A. (now a part of the Italian financial group Banca 
Intesa), an autonomous mortgage bank, Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A. ("BII").  BII was 
69.9% owned by the Group, with the remaining 30.1% being owned by Banca Intesa.  BII previously 
distributed its mortgage products through the Bank's marketing and distribution networks, as well as 
through its own retail outlets.  On 21 September 2005, the Bank reached an agreement with Banca 
Intesa for the unwinding of the joint venture arrangements in relation to BII.  In October 2005, the Bank 
acquired 30.1% of the capital of BII owned by Banca Intesa, becoming the sole shareholder of BII.  BII 
was running a book of outstanding mortgage credit originating from mid-2007, which will progressively 
be reduced over time.  On 27 December 2019, the merger deed of BII, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Bank, by incorporation into the latter, was signed, thus completing the incorporation process of BII 
into the Bank. 
Online Banking 
ActivoBank is a leading internet bank in Portugal.  Launched in 2010, ActivoBank offers a streamlined 
and convenient service with an emphasis on emerging distribution and communication channels (e.g.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
internet banking, mobile banking).  ActivoBank targets younger, technologically savvy customers who 
prefer simple, modern banking products and services. 
ActivoBank's main goal is to maintain a strong focus on its online presence through its website and 
social media.  The pillar of ActivoBank's client relationship is based on online channels, despite also 
having 16 physical branches, as at 31 December 2020.  ActivoBank was the first Portuguese bank to 
launch an exclusive application for smartphones.  ActivoBank continues to invest heavily in developing 
new services and features, in alignment with new trends, with a primary emphasis on innovation. 
Insurance 
The Bank has an interest in insurance activities through Millenniumbcp Ageas, a joint venture with 
Ageas for bancassurance business in Portugal.  On 26 May 2014, as part of a process aiming to refocus 
on core activities defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, the Bank announced that it had agreed with 
the international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of the strategic partnership agreements entered 
into in 2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance 
companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance business, i.e. Ocidental – Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A.  Currently, 
the Group holds 49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital in the life insurance business, while the 
remaining 51% is held by Ageas. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced about the qualifying holding of Ageas and Ocidental Vida that 
was a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida having subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 
408,855,693 ordinary shares in the rights issue launched by the Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the 
subscription rights attributed to them considering their participation in BCP prior to the rights issue of 
156,623,179 shares in case of Ageas and of 233,631,825 shares in case of Ocidental Vida.  Following 
the settlement of the rights issue on 23 July 2014 and allotment of the oversubscription on 24 July, the 
number of shares held by Ageas increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held by Ocidental 
Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus the Ageas Group increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares 
that correspond to 2.01% of the issued share capital and of voting rights of the Bank. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced to have received a notification from Ageas Group informing that 
its holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying holding.  
The dilution of the former qualifying holding was a result of the Bank's exchange offer of some of its 
subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 4,844,313,860 new 
shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 59,039,023,275.  At that date, 
the Ageas Group's holding was 1.84%. 
Foreign Business 
BCP has concentrated on those businesses with strong growth prospects in foreign markets with a close 
historical connection to Portugal or that have large communities of residents with a Portuguese heritage 
(such as Angola and Mozambique), as well as in markets to which the Bank's successful business model 
in Portugal can be effectively exported and tailored to suit local markets, in particular in Poland. 
Poland 
In Poland, the Bank operates through Bank Millennium, S.A. ("Bank Millennium"), and focuses its 
offerings on individuals and small and medium-sized companies.  Bank Millennium is a full service 
national bank which, jointly with its subsidiaries, offers a complete range of financial products and 
services, including deposit-taking, savings and investment products, short-, medium- and long-term 
lending (including mortgage lending and consumer credit), debit and credit cards, fund transfers and 
other payment methods, mutual funds, insurance, leasing, treasury services and money market 
transactions.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
In 1998, the Bank entered into a partnership agreement with the Polish financial group, BBG, pursuant 
to which the Bank launched a retail operation with BBG in the Polish market under the "Millennium" 
brand. 
The Bank currently owns 50.1% of Bank Millennium. 
On 17 October 2018, Bank Millennium took over management of the assets of Spółdzielcza Kasa 
Oszczędnościowo-Kredytowa Piast ("SKOK Piast") (Cooperative Credit Union SKOK Piast), based 
on a decision of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority, and, on 1 November 2018, Bank 
Millennium acquired SKOK Piast.  Bank Millennium joined other banks involved in the SKOK 
turnaround process supported by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority and the Bank Guarantee 
Fund.  The acquisition of SKOK Piast corresponded with efforts to ensure stability of the national 
financial system and to ensure safety for all clients of financial institutions in Poland. 
In 2019, the merger of Bank Millennium with Eurobank was approved, on an Extraordinary General 
Meeting of Bank Millennium. The completion of the integration of Eurobank into Bank Millennium 
took place on 27 December 2019, with the Bank Millennium being the surviving entity from the merger 
and now operating under a single brand, a single operating system and a single legal entity 
Bank Millennium acquired a 99.79% stake in Eurobank from Société Générale Financial Services 
Holding ("SocGen"), a subsidiary of Société Générale S.A.  The completion of the integration of 
Eurobank into Bank Millennium took place on 27 December 2019. 
Bank Millennium stopped granting mortgage loans in foreign currencies in 2009.  Consequently, the 
Polish foreign exchange ("FX") mortgage loans are a mature portfolio, constantly decreasing according 
to the repayment rate and with a low impairment ratio and high coverage by provisions.  As at 31 
December 2020, Bank Millennium's foreign exchange mortgages amounted to approximately 17% of 
the Polish bank's loan book (EUR 3.0 billion), which represents 5% of the Group's total loans.  On top 
of these, there are also PLN 1.0 billion (approximately EUR 219 million) CHF indexed mortgages from 
Eurobank but the litigation/political risk on this portfolio is covered by a 20-year indemnity provided 
by SocGen, which also provided a 10-year guarantee on 80% of the credit risk on that portfolio. FX 
mortgages represent 7% of its Polish subsidiary total gross loans (approximately 8% market share). 
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued a judgment on Case 
C-260/18, in connection with the preliminary questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in 
the lawsuit against Raiffeisen Bank International AG.  The judgment of the CJEU, as well as its 
interpretation of European Union Law, is binding on domestic courts. 
The CJEU's judgment concerns only the situations where the national court has previously found the 
contract terms to be abusive.  It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the 
course of judicial proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be identified as abusive in the 
circumstances of the lawsuit.  It can be reasonably assumed that the legal issues relating to FX-indexed 
mortgage loans will be further examined by the national courts within the framework of the disputes 
considered, which could possibly result in the emergence of further interpretations relevant for the 
assessment of the risks associated with subject matter proceedings.  This circumstance indicates the 
need for constant analysis of these matters.  Further requests for clarification and ruling addressed to 
the CJEU and the Supreme Court of Poland with potential impact on the outcome of the court cases 
were already filed. 
As at 31 December 2020, Bank Millennium had 5,018 FX-indexed mortgage loans subject to individual 
litigations, submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting to 
PLN 1,614 million (EUR 354 million).  Until 31 December 2020, only 37 of these cases had obtained 
a final verdict (excluding cassation appeals).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
According to the Polish Bank Association (ZBP), during 2019, over 70% of the lawsuits regarding FX-
indexed mortgage loans obtained a final verdict favourable to the banks involved.  However, after the 
CJEU judgment regarding Case C-260/18 issued on 3 October 2019, the trend of court rulings, that had 
been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse. 
Considering the increased legal risk related to FX-indexed mortgages, Bank Millennium total balance 
sheet provisions for legal risks amount to PLN 924 million (EUR 202.6 million), excluding Euro Bank.  
The methodology developed by Bank Millennium is based on the following main parameters: (i) the 
number of current (including class actions) and potential future court cases that will appear within a 
specified (three-year) time horizon; (ii) the amount of Bank Millennium's potential loss in the event of 
a specific court judgment (three negative judgment scenarios were taken into account); and, (iii) the 
probability of obtaining a specific court verdict calculated on the basis of statistics of judgments of the 
banking sector in Poland and legal opinions obtained.  Variation in the level of provisions or concrete 
losses will depend on the final court decisions about each case and on the number of court cases. 
Bank Millennium undertakes a number of actions at different levels towards different stakeholders in 
order to mitigate legal and litigation risk regarding the FX-indexed mortgage loans portfolio.  Bank 
Millennium is open to negotiate case-by-case favourable conditions for early repayment (partial or total) 
or the conversion of loans to PLN.  On the other hand, Bank Millennium will continue to take all 
possible actions to protect its interests in courts while, at the same time, being open to finding settlement 
with customers in the court under reasonable conditions.   
In December 2020, Bank Millennium recorded net income totalling EUR 5.1 million (EUR 2.6 million 
of which attributable to the Bank), a decrease of 95.9% (-23.1% excluding one-offs, in particular, related 
to the integration costs and initial provisions for Eurobank, release of tax asset provisions, revaluation 
of shares in Visa and PSP, provisions for FX mortgage legal risks and provisions for the return of 
commissions on loans repaid earlier by Customers) when compared to EUR 130.5 million, (EUR 65.4 
million of which attributable to the Bank) in the same period of the previous year. 
Banking income was down 0.7% to EUR 802.7 million in December 2020, negatively influenced by 
the performance of net interest income and other income, which decreased 0.4% and 12.2%, 
respectively, versus December 2019.  Operating costs recorded a decrease of 2.1% to EUR 393.3 
million, due to the decrease in staff costs (-1.3%) and in other costs (-8.3%).  The cost-to-income ratio9 
stood at 49.0% and ROE was 0.2%.  The cost of risk stood at 83 basis points accrued since the beginning 
of the year and the loans to deposits ratio at around 91%.  Bank Millennium keeps comfortable levels 
in terms of capital, liquidity and asset quality.  The Total Consolidated Capital Ratio of Bank 
Millennium stood at 19.5% and CET1 at 16.5%, comfortably above of the minimum capital regulatory 
thresholds. 
As at 31 December 2020, customer funds stood at to EUR 19,793 million, stable versus 31 December 
2019, excluding foreign exchange effect. Loans to Customers (gross) increased 6.7% to EUR 16,792 
million (EUR 16,412 million recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans and advances to 
Customers"; EUR 380 million (gross amount without considering fair value adjustments) recorded in 
"Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss"), excluding foreign exchange effect.  The number of employees 
totalled 7,493 at the end of December 2020.  On that date, the Issuer had 702 branches, 128 less than in 
December 2019, impacted by Eurobank's integration. 
Mozambique 
The Bank has had banking operations in Mozambique since 1995.  BIM – Banco Internacional de 
Moçambique, S.A. (“Millennium bim”) is the second Mozambique's largest bank in terms of assets, 
                                                     
9  As used in this Base Prospectus, "cost to income ratio" means operating costs divided by net operating revenues

--- Page 162 ---
162 
loans and deposits market shares.  The 3 pillars of the strategic plan of Millennium bim for 2018 are: 
Human resources; Management of risk, ensuring i) prudence in liquidity management, ii) reduction of 
the exposure to high risk clients, replacing it with new credit with a better risk and iii) providing support 
to clients in a proactive manner to avoid default situations and, consequently, recording impairments; 
and earnings, maintaining i) focus on increasing the number of clients as a way to ensure a sustained 
net income, ii) reduction of operating costs in spite of the inflationary context and currency depreciation, 
and iii) good solvency and efficiency ratios, ensuring the achievement of a solid and distinctive position 
in the market. 
During 2020, Millennium bim recorded a net income of EUR 66.8 million, a 32.8% decrease when 
compared to the same period of the previous year.  In this period, banking income10 decreased by 18.2% 
amounting to EUR 202.4 million, driven by the decrease of net interest income (-18.4%), commissions 
(-16.0%) and other income (-19.3%).  Operating costs increased 8.1% to EUR 89.9 million, and cost-
to-income stood at 44.4%.  ROE stood at 14.6%.  Loan impairment amounted to EUR 30.5 million 
(EUR 19.9 million recorded in December 2019) and the cost of risk increased from 277 basis points to 
503 basis points.  As at 31 December 2020, Millennium bim had a capital ratio of 43.9%. 
Total customer funds in 31 December 2020 stood at EUR 1,524 million, up from EUR 1,294 million, 
excluding foreign exchange effect, recorded in 31 December 2019, showing an increase of 17.7%.  
Loans to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 527 million in December 2020, compared to EUR 717 
million in December 2019, a decrease of 26.5%, excluding foreign exchange effect. 
As at 31 December 2020, Millennium bim had 199 branches, one less than in the same period of 2019.  
At that date, the bank had 2,439 employees (excluding employees from SIM, the insurance company) 
and had 2,524 employees as at 31 December 2019. 
Angola 
BMA was incorporated on 3 April 2006, as a result of the transformation of the BCP branch in Angola 
into a bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Angola. 
In February 2009, the Bank carried out financial transactions relating to the strategic partnership 
agreements established with Sonangol (a company that held, as at 30 June 2017, 15.24% of the Bank's 
share capital and voting rights) and Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A. ("BPA") (in which BMA held a 
shareholding of 6.66%), as a result of which the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 52.7% through 
BMA's share capital increase of USD 105,752,496.80. 
In April 2012, the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 50.1%, following BMA's share capital increase, 
which was fully subscribed to by Global Pactum - Gestão de Activos (main shareholder of BPA), in 
line with the partnership agreement entered into with Sonangol and BPA.  Within the scope of this 
partnership, the Bank, Sonangol and BPA entered in May 2008 into a shareholders' agreement regarding 
BMA, which included, among others, clauses on corporate bodies and preferential rights in case of 
transfer of BMA's shares. 
On 8 October 2015, the Bank announced it had signed a memorandum of understanding with the main 
shareholder of BPA for the merger of BMA with BPA.  The public deed for the merger was executed 
on 22 April 2016.  Following the merger, BCP owns 22.5% of the share capital of Banco Millennium 
Atlântico. 
                                                     
10  Banking income or net operating revenues is the sum of net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net 
commissions, net trading income, other net operating income and equity accounted earnings.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
In the context of the BMA merger with BPA, BMA was considered a discontinued operation in March 
2016.  As of the completion of the merger in May 2016, the new merged entity in which the Bank 
maintains a 22.5% shareholding, Banco Millennium Atlântico, is consolidated using the equity method. 
Banco Millennium Atlântico contribution to BCP Group earnings in 31 December 2020 was EUR -7.2 
million which compares to EUR 2.5 million in December 2019. 
Macao 
The Group's presence in Macao goes back to 1993, initially through an offshore license.  In 2010, the 
Group began operating its first fully licensed (on shore) branch in Macao.  This branch is directed at 
providing services to the Bank's network through support to individual and company Customers, 
broadening the base of local customers and expanding the activity around the China-Macao-Portuguese 
speaking countries platform, focusing on the offer of investment banking services. 
As at 31 December 2020, customer funds stood at EUR 448 million and gross loans reached EUR 741 
million.  In December 2020, net income amounted to EUR 7.5 million. 
Switzerland 
Millennium Banque Privée, incorporated in Switzerland in 2003, is a private banking platform that 
provides discretionary management services to individual customers of the Group with large assets, as 
well as financial advisory and orders execution services. 
As at 31 December 2020, total customer funds amounted to EUR 3,279 million and loans to customers 
(gross) amounted to EUR 354 million.  In December 2020, net income stood at EUR 7.1 million. 
Cayman Islands 
Millennium bcp Bank & Trust, with head office in the Cayman Islands, holds a category "B" banking 
license, and provides international banking services to customers that are not resident in Portugal.  The 
Cayman Islands are considered a cooperating jurisdiction by Banco de Portugal. 
As at 31 December 2020, Bank & Trust's customer funds stood at EUR 2 million and Bank & Trust's 
gross loans decreased to EUR 0 million.  In 31 December 2020, Bank & Trust's net income amounted 
to EUR 1.5 million. 
Other 
The Bank also has nine representative offices (one in the United Kingdom, three in Switzerland, two in 
Brazil, one in Venezuela, one in China in Canton and one in South Africa), and five commercial 
protocols (Canada, United States, Spain, France and Luxembourg). 
International Partnerships 
Ageas 
In 2005, the Group and Fortis (currently, Ageas) established a joint venture for bancassurance business, 
through the insurance company Millennium bcp Fortis (currently, Millenniumbcp Ageas).  The Group 
holds 49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital, while the remaining 51% is held by Ageas.  In 
September 2005, Ageas increased its shareholding in the Bank to 4.99%.  As a consequence of the two 
Bank share capital increases that took place in 2006, Ageas' shareholding in the Bank decreased to 
4.94%.  In September 2007, Ageas disposed of its qualifying holding in the share capital of the Bank.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
On 26 May 2014, the Bank announced that, as part of a process aiming to refocus on core activities 
defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, it had agreed with the international insurance group Ageas to 
partially recast the strategic partnership agreements entered into in 2004.  These include the sale of its 
49% interest in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-
life insurance business, i.e. Ocidental-Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis - Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A., for a base price of EUR 122.5 million, subject to a medium term 
performance adjustment.  In 2013, the non-life activity posted gross inflows of EUR 251 million and a 
net profit of EUR 12 million. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced that Ageas, on behalf of itself and its subsidiary Ocidental-
Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. ("Ocidental Vida"), had acquired a qualifying holding 
in the share capital of the Bank.  The qualifying holding was a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida 
having subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 408,855,693 ordinary shares in the rights issue 
launched by the Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the subscription rights attributed to them considering 
their participation in the Bank prior to the rights issue (156,623,179 shares in case of Ageas and of 
233,631,825 shares in case of Ocidental Vida). 
Following the settlement of the rights issue, on 23 July 2014, and allotment of the oversubscription, on 
24 July, the number of shares held by Ageas increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held 
by Ocidental Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and 
Ocidental Vida) increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares that correspond to 2.01% of the 
issued share capital and of voting rights of BCP. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced that it had received an announcement from Ageas, issued on 
behalf of itself and Ocidental Vida, informing that Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and 
Ocidental Vida) holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying 
holding (1.84%).  The dilution of the former qualifying holding is a result of BCP's exchange offer of 
some of its subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 
4,844,313,860 new shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 
59,039,023,275. 
Sonangol and BPA 
Following the announcement made by the Bank on 8 October 2015, the Bank informed on 25 April 
2016 that the public deed for the merger of Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. with Banco Privado 
Atlântico, S.A. had been executed. 
Recent developments in 2021 
On 25 January 2021, the Bank informed that it was notified by Bank Millennium S.A. in Poland, in 
which the Bank holds a 50.1% stake, about the creation of additional provisions against legal risk related 
to the FX mortgage loans portfolio, according to the following report: "The Management Board of Bank 
Millennium S.A. ('the Bank') informs that it took a decision to create in its 4th quarter 2020 accounts 
PLN 379.6 million of provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage loans originated by Bank 
Millennium. The higher than previous quarters provisions reflect the negative trends in court decisions 
and changes to the risk assessment methodology. As a result of this level of provisions and despite solid 
operating performance, the Bank expects a negative net result in the 4th quarter of 2020, although a 
positive one in the full year 2020. More information about the legal risk and 4th quarter financial results 
will be disclosed in a current report on the preliminary results due on February 2, 2021 and in annual 
report for 2020 to be published on February 22, 2021". 
On 5 February 2021, the Bank informed that it had fixed the terms for a new issue of senior preferred 
debt securities, under its Euro Note Programme, which was placed with a very diversified group of 
European institutional investors. The issue, in the amount of €500 million, had a tenor of 6 years, with

--- Page 165 ---
165 
the option of early redemption by the Bank at the end of year 5, an issue price of 99.879% and an annual 
interest rate of 1.125% during the first 5 years (corresponding to a spread of 1.55% over the 5 year mid-
swap rate). The annual interest rate for the 6th year was set at 3-month Euribor plus a 1.55% spread. 
On 14 April 2020, the Bank informed that it was notified by Bank Millennium S.A. in Poland, in which 
the Bank holds a 50.1% stake, about the creation of additional provisions against legal risk related to 
FX mortgage loans portfolio according to the following report: “The Management Board of Bank 
Millennium S.A. (‘the Bank’) informs that it took a decision to create in its 1st quarter 2021 accounts, 
PLN 512 million of provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage loans originated by the Bank. 
The significant provisions, which are higher than the 4th quarter 2020 ones, reflect the continuing 
negative trends in court decisions, inflow of new court cases and resultant changes in the risk assessment 
methodology. As a result of this level of provisions and despite solid operating performance, the Bank 
expects a negative net result in the 1st quarter of 2021. More information about the legal risk and 1st 
quarter financial results will be disclosed in periodical report scheduled for 11th of May 2021.” 
On 20 May 2021, the Bank concluded, exclusively through electronic means and with 64.88% of the 
share capital represented, the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, with the following resolutions:  
• 
Item One – To resolve upon the management report, the individual and consolidated annual 
report, balance sheet and financial statements of 2020, including the Corporate Governance 
Report; 
• 
Item Two – To resolve upon the proposal for the appropriation of profit regarding the 2020 
financial year; 
• 
Item Three – To carry out a generic appraisal of the management and supervision of the 
company; 
• 
Item Four – To resolve upon the Dividend Policy; 
• 
Item Five – To resolve on the remuneration policy of Members of Management and Supervisory 
Bodies; 
• 
Item Six – To resolve on the policy for the selection and appointment of the statutory auditor 
or Audit Firm and the engagement of non-audit services that are not prohibited under the terms 
of the applicable legislation; 
• 
Item Seven – To resolve upon the election of the Single Auditor and his alternate for the 
triennial 2021/2023; 
• 
Item Eight – To resolve upon the appointment of the External Auditor for the triennial 
2021/2023; 
• 
Item Nine – To resolve upon the renewal of the authorisation granted by Article 5 (1) of the 
Bank's Articles of Association; 
• 
Item Ten – To resolve on the maintenance of the voting limitations foreseen in articles 25 and 
26 of the Banks’s Articles of Association; and 
• 
Item Eleven – To resolve upon the acquisition and sale of own shares and bonds.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Principal Markets and Competition 
The Portuguese banking market has become well-developed, including both strong domestic and 
foreign competitors.  These competitors follow a multi-product, multi-channel and multi-client 
segmented approach, offering a broad range of services from retail products to investment banking 
coupled with sophisticated payment capability.  Foreign banks are present in the Portuguese market, in 
areas such as corporate banking, asset management, private banking and brokerage services, as well as 
universal banking services, namely traditional retail banking. 
Domestic banking penetration levels rank favourably on a comparable basis and branch network and 
automated channels are widely disseminated across the country.  There has been significant 
development of remote access to banking services (ATM, home banking, and mobile banking) together 
with market intelligence techniques enabling banks to accurately track customers' requirements and 
augment customer proximity.  Cross-selling has benefited from the use of such techniques and has 
increased the proportion of banks' non-interest income over the years. 
The Portuguese banking sector will face the potential entry of new and disruptive players benefiting 
from the PSD2 environment.  This is happening against a backdrop of progressive change towards a 
new digital age in which consumers' behaviour and expectations are evolving.  Current trends point to 
an accelerated mobile / digital banking adoption and customers demanding personalisation.  Also, 
security and trust have reinforced the importance of digitalisation given cyber-risk concerns and cases 
of misselling.  Advances in the ability to deploy technologies (e.g., robotics, machine learning) and the 
expanded capabilities these enable are setting new ways of working, requiring new skills. 
The deregulation and liberalisation process experienced by the Portuguese banking sector, including 
Eurozone participation, catalysed an increase in business and competition, particularly in the credit 
market.  Customer loans and advances increased significantly in advance of the implementation of the 
euro and during the early years of economic convergence and integration within the single currency 
project (Source: Banco de Portugal). 
At the same time, the Portuguese banking system experienced a consolidation, which was driven by the 
need to achieve economies of scale and operating synergies.  More recently, against the background of 
the financial instability beginning in the summer of 2007 and the subsequent euro periphery crisis, 
deleveraging and strategic repositioning took place.  Some foreigner players reappraised their presence 
and business models and networks developed in Portugal.  More recently, major banks in the Portuguese 
banking system have rationalised their operating structures. 
The Portuguese banking market is concentrated with the biggest five banks representing 80% of the 
market share in terms of business volumes.  The Bank is the largest private sector bank in Portugal in 
terms of business volumes (market share of 18% by gross loans + customer funds), generates 17% of 
the system core net income and is one of the most efficient banks in Portugal with only 12% of the 
system branch network (data as at 30 September 2020). 
The growing maturity of the domestic market and globalisation trends led domestic banks to further 
develop their operations abroad, namely in countries with which Portugal had strong economic and 
historical relations.  Hence, currently, the biggest domestic banking groups manage operations in 
European and African countries, which bear an increasing strategic relevance for their businesses. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority ensures compliance with Portuguese competition rules, 
asserting regulatory powers over competition in all sectors of the economy, including regulated sectors 
in coordination with the relevant sector regulators.  Banco de Portugal is responsible for the prudential 
and market conduct supervision, ensuring the stability of the financial system as well as compliance 
with rules of conduct and transparency for banks' customers.  As the national supervisory authority, 
Banco de Portugal is part of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the European banking supervision

--- Page 167 ---
167 
system, entrusted with the safety and robustness of European banks.  National competition authorities 
and the EU have parallel competencies for enforcing European antitrust laws in close co-operation. 
In Portugal, the Bank competes primarily with the four other major Portuguese banking groups: Caixa 
Geral de Depósitos, Banco Santander Totta, CaixaBank/BPI and Novo Banco.  BCP's extensive 
distribution network, which is the fourth largest, has enabled it to maintain a reference position among 
its competitors.  According to system data from Banco de Portugal, as at 31 December 2020, BCP had 
a market share of 17.5% of loans to customers (gross) and 18.1% of deposits in its domestic market. 
As at the end of March 2021, 614 credit institutions, mutual credit banks, saving banks, credit card 
companies, payment institutions and branches of credit institutions were registered in Portugal, of which 
145 were banks (Source: Banco de Portugal).  Financial institutions with head offices in the European 
Economic Area providing cross-border services amounted to 1,059, as at the end of March 2021 
(according to the last data available from Banco de Portugal).  Common indicators do not indicate levels 
of concentration significantly divergent from those of the Eurozone.  For instance, as of 2019, the total 
asset share of the five largest credit institutions represented 73% for Portugal, which is above Germany's 
31% but below Greece with 97%, Estonia with 93%, Lithuania with 90%, the Netherlands 85%, Cyprus 
with 86%, Finland with 80%, Latvia 83%, Croatia with 80%, Belgium with 74%, Malta 75% and 
Slovakia with 76% (Source: ECB). 
The following table shows the development of the percentage of the Bank's market share in Portugal in 
terms of loans to customers as at 31 December 2020 (last available data), 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2019 
2018 
Loans to Customers ...........................  
17.5% 
17.1% 
17.4% 
_______________ 
Sources: BCP and Banco de Portugal. 
 
The following table shows the number and geographic location of the Bank's branches as at 31 December 2020, 
and 31 December 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Portugal .................................................  
478 
505 
545 
 
Bank Millennium in Poland ..................  
702 
830 
361 
 
Millennium bim in Mozambique ...........  
199 
200 
193 
 
Banco Millennium Angola ....................  
0 
0 
0 
 
Millennium 
Banque 
Privée 
in 
Switzerland ............................................  
1 
1 
1 
 
Total in the International activity ..........  
902 
1031 
555 
 
 
1380 
1536 
1100 
 
 
The following table illustrates the competitive environment in Portugal for the two years ended 31 
December 2019 and 2018:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
Number of banks(1) ........................................................... 
29 
29 
 
Number of branches  ........................................................ 
4,029 
4,054 
 
Population (thousands) ..................................................... 
10,296 
10,277 
 
Inhabitants per branch ...................................................... 
2,555 
2,535 
 
Branches per bank ............................................................ 
139 
140 
 
_______________ 
(1) 
Banks associated with the Portuguese Banking Association. 
Source: 
Portuguese Banking Association and Portugal's National Statistics Institute. 
 
The Bank is also subject to strong competition in the international markets in which it operates. 
The banking sector in Poland is characterised by a relatively low concentration sustaining strong 
competitive pressure.  However, significant opportunities have led to increased competition in recent 
years, driven by privatisation and consolidation initiatives.  In addition, in Poland, European Union 
integration has created strong incentives for the cross-border provision of financial services and for 
cross-border mergers, which have resulted in significantly increased competition from foreign banks.  
As at December 2020, Bank Millennium's market share in Poland, according to the Bank's estimates 
derived from data published by the National Bank of Poland, was 6.1% of loans to customers (gross) 
and 5.3% of deposits. 
In Mozambique, Millennium bim is a market leader with a market share of 16.8% of loans to customers 
and 24.2% of deposits in 31 December 2020, according to the Bank of Mozambique.  Currently, 20 
banks operate in Mozambique and management expects increasing competition from foreign banks, 
particularly those based in South Africa and Portugal (Source: Mozambican Banking Association). 
Banco Millennium Angola merged with Banco Privado Atlântico, resulting in the second-largest private 
sector bank in terms of loans to the economy, with a market share of approximately 10% by business 
volume: market share above 10% in terms of loans and above 12% in terms of deposits (Source: Bank 
of Angola). 
Trends Information 
Portugal 
Covid-19 impact 
2020 was marked by the emergence and spread of COVID-19 on a global scale, leading to the 
declaration of a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The immediate impacts of this pandemic 
reached an unprecedented dimension in the social alarm situation generated, in the exhaustion of health 
systems and in the severe containment and combat measures implemented in numerous countries, 
including Portugal. Additionally, lockdowns were imposed by European governments, with severe 
restrictions on the movement of people and economic activity. 
The Portuguese financial sector is better prepared for this crisis than when it entered the previous global 
financial crisis. Portuguese banks have substantially improved asset quality, liquidity and capitalization 
levels and have more efficient cost structures. Notwithstanding the greater robustness of the Portuguese 
financial sector and the beginning of the vaccination process in December - the road to reaching a level 
of immunity that allows for a gradual return to normality is still long - the economic impact observed 
in 2020 was unprecedented, mirrored in the 7.6% decline in Portuguese GDP.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
In 2021, Bank of Portugal's projections point to a moderate recovery, with GDP growing 3.9% and the 
unemployment rate reaching 8.8%. 
At the European level, with the aim of accelerating economic recovery, an extraordinary package of 
European funds (NextGeneration EU) was approved in July 2020, totalling EUR 750 billion, distributed 
between grants and loans, which will run from 2021 to 2023 and will be financed through the issuance 
of European debt. 
The BCP Group is following a Contingency Plan adapted to the pandemic scenario, which has been 
updated specifically for the current crisis, and has created a specific Crisis Management Office for this 
effect.  In this context, in line with the guidelines issued by the authorities and supervisory entities, the 
Bank has defined an action plan aimed at protecting Customers and employees, mitigating the 
probability of contagion and ensuring the operational continuity of the business. Guidance was also 
issued to service providers. 
Impact on the Group’s activity 
The economic and social context presented in 2020 a set of challenges to the development of the Bank's 
activity. The repercussions of the crisis caused by the pandemic will continue to be felt in the coming 
years. 
Despite the recent trend of reduction and/or maintenance of interest rate levels at historically low values 
- in many cases, negative values - the Group's net interest income is projected to grow slightly in 2021. 
In Portugal, margin growth will continue to benefit from TLTRO III and expected volume growth, with 
particular emphasis on new mortgage loan production. 
In international operations, with a special focus on the Polish operation, the strong growth in new 
mortgage loan production should be the main driver of Bank Millennium's net interest income growth 
in 2021. 
Commissioning levels have been subject to strong regulatory limitations, particularly in the Portuguese 
operation, which has constrained its contribution to the Group's profitability. In view of these 
challenges, the Bank has been promoting the transfer of on-Balance Sheet Customers Funds to off-
Balance Sheet Funds. Additionally, the current pandemic context has increased the levels of volatility 
in the financial markets, leading to a greater adherence of Customers to services related to financial 
markets. In this sense, the Bank has invested in the development and improvement of digital solutions 
to increase/improve the offer of services related to financial markets. Commissions are expected to 
increase in 2021 across the Group, both in the activity in Portugal and in the international activity. 
Optimising efficiency levels and consolidating the Bank's position as one of the most efficient in the 
Eurozone are priorities that will continue to shape the Bank's activity in the future. In that context, the 
digitalization process that has been implemented, both in terms of the Group's operations and the 
services provided to customers, will continue to be a priority in the Group's strategy. 
The cost of risk, one of the most relevant indicators in the current context of economic crisis originated 
by the pandemic, should remain in 2021 aligned with the Bank's previously established guidance, 
between 90 and 120 basis points. This guidance is based on the central macroeconomic scenario 
projected by the Bank of Portugal and is impacted by possible deviations from this scenario, which, in 
the current context, may be due to a slower economic recovery or a longer than foreseen period in the 
fight against the pandemic. It is projected that, for each additional 100 basis points decrease in GDP, 
against Bank of Portugal's central scenario, the Bank's cost of risk will increase by around 10 basis 
points.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Significantly reducing exposure to problematic loans has been one of the Group's top priorities. 
However, the onset of this new economic crisis may prove to be a challenge in continuing the execution 
of this reduction. 
The implementation of public and private support measures, with a special emphasis on credit 
moratoria, have as main objectives to protect Customers from the economic impacts originated by the 
pandemic and to protect the financial sector from a possible increase of its exposure to NPEs. Given 
the duration of the support granted, mostly until the end of September 2021, the visibility of the 
pandemic's impact on the creation of new NPEs during 2021 will be limited. However, given the pace 
of NPEs reduction recently shown by the Group, as well as the projections of net inflows, new inflows 
are expected to be offset by NPE sales and write-offs. 
The Group's commercial activity volumes were strongly influenced, during 2020, by the pandemic. If, 
on one hand, there was a significant growth in total customer funds, originated by the pandemic and 
confinement periods, on the other hand, there was a contraction in new personal loan production, which 
was more than offset by the growth in new corporate credit production, deriving from the strong demand 
for credit lines with state guarantees, created to fight the economic consequences of the pandemic by 
injecting liquidity into the Portuguese businesses. For 2021, the Group's commercial activity is 
projected to continue its good performance, albeit at a more subdue pace, with further expansion of the 
volume of the loan portfolio. 
MREL 
On 30 October 2019, the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") updated and confirmed the MREL 
requirements applicable to BCP, based on information as of 31 December 2017 and within the scope of 
Banking Resolution and Recovery Directive 1 ("BRRD1"): 
− 
The resolution strategy is the Multiple Point of Entry (Portugal, Poland and Mozambique); 
− 
The BCP Resolution Group is composed of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Banco ActivoBank, 
S.A., Millennium bcp Bank & Trust (Cayman) and by Banque Privée BCP (Suisse), Lda.; 
− 
The resolution measure for the BCP Resolution Group is the bail-in. 
The entry into effect of the new banking regulations (in particular of the Banking Resolution and 
Recovery Directive 2 – "BRRD2") plus the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in: 
− 
The need to comply with MREL requirement changed to 1 January 2024. The SRB shall also 
establish interim targets for 1 January 2022 (binding) and 1 January 2023 (indicative); 
− 
The revised requirements shall be established by SRB within the scope of the 2020 resolution 
planning cycle and must be communicated to the Bank by mid-2021;  
− 
SRB publicly informed the intention of using the discretionary power and the flexibility given by 
the regulations in force to establish new transition periods and MREL targets. This assessment will 
be made on a case-by-case basis. 
It will only be possible to accurately assess the Resolution Group's funding needs once the SRB has 
clarified the requirement the Group must meet. 
Several banks, including BCP, have rebalanced their funding profiles relative to the previous crisis. The 
ratio of credit over deposits is, for the sector, below 100%. Banks hold relatively large liquidity buffers.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
CHF denominated loans 
Regarding mortgage loans indexed to Swiss francs ("CHF") granted by Bank Millennium, there are 
risks related to decisions issued by Polish courts in lawsuits against banks (including Bank Millennium) 
raised by borrowers of FX-indexed mortgage loans, as well as risks related to the possible application 
of a sector-wide solution, i.e. a solution applied to all contracts (Swiss Franc-denominated/indexed 
mortgage loans) in the Polish financial sector. The Polish Financial Supervisory Authority suggested a 
possible sector-wide solution in December 2020, which has, since then, been under consideration by 
Polish banks. 
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued a judgment on Case 
C-260/18. This judgement has legal interpretations in connection with the preliminary questions 
formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in the lawsuit against Raiffeisen Bank International AG, 
relative to CHF-indexed loans. 
Since then, the trend of court rulings, that had been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse. The 
CJEU ruling only concerns situations where the national court has previously determined that contract 
terms are unfair.  It is the exclusive competence of national courts to assess, in the course of judicial 
proceedings, whether a particular term of a contract can be identified as unfair according to the 
circumstances of the case.   
On 29 January 2021, a set of questions addressed by the First President of the Supreme Court of Poland 
to the Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court of Poland was published, which may have important 
consequences in clarifying key aspects of court decisions and their consequences related to FX-indexed 
mortgage loans: (i) "is it permissible to replace, through legal provisions or customary rules, unfair 
terms in a contract determining the exchange rate?"; (ii)" in the impossibility of determining the 
exchange rate of a foreign currency to which a loan contract is indexed or denominated, is it permissible 
to keep the contract valid during its remaining term?"; (iii) "in case of invalidity of the CHF loan, would 
the equilibrium theory apply (i.e., originating a single claim, equal to the difference between the value 
of the claims of the bank and the Customer), or the theory of two conditions (separate claims are created 
for the bank and the Customer and must be treated separately)?". 
The Supreme Court was also asked to respond to two other questions (iv) from what date the 
prescription period should start in case a claim is filed by a bank for repayment of amounts paid as a 
loan; and, (v) whether banks and Customers can receive remuneration for the use of their monetary 
means by the other party of the contract. The meeting of the Supreme Court of Poland was scheduled 
for 11 May 2021 but on such date, the court decided to seek opinions from institutions including 
Poland's central bank ("NBP"), financial regulator Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego ("KNF") and the 
children's rights ombudsman. The date of next hearing is still to be determined. Bank Millennium will 
assess, in due course, the implications of the potential decisions of the Supreme Court on the level of 
provisions for legal risks in CHF-indexed mortgage loans. 
On 8 December 2020, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority ("PFSA"), Jacek 
Jastrzębski, proposed a sector-wide solution to the risks related to FX-indexed mortgage loans: banks 
would offer their Customers the voluntary possibility to enter into agreements on the basis of which the 
Customer would determine, together with the bank, the settlement of the loan as if it had been indexed 
to Zlotys since inception, with interests at an appropriate WIBOR rate plus the margin historically used 
for such a loan. 
The proposal was subject to consultations between banks, under the auspices of the PFSA and the Polish 
Banking Association, assessing the conditions under which such a solution could be implemented and 
what impacts it would have.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
At the date of publication of Bank Millennium's Annual Report, neither its Board of Directors nor any 
other of its corporate bodies had taken any decision regarding the implementation of such solution. If 
or when a recommendation on the solution is available, Bank Millennium's Board of Directors will 
submit it to the Supervisory Board and the General Shareholders' Meeting, taking into consideration the 
relevance of such decision and its implications. 
On 15 April 2021, Bank Millennium announced PLN 512 million provisions (EUR 112.8 million) for 
legal risks on FX mortgages in first quarter of 2021, due to “the continuing negative trends in court 
decisions, inflow of new court cases and resultant changes in the risk assessment methodology”. This 
brought the cumulative provisions for legal risks on FX mortgages to PLN 1.4 billion (EUR 308 
million), accounting for 10% of the Bank’s PLN 14 billion portfolio of FX mortgages (not including 
PLN 1 billion related to Eurobank) and more than 50% of the PLN 2.8 billion in courts as of year-end 
2020 (PLN 1,794 million under individual actions and PLN 1,000 million under a class action). 
Resolution Fund 
It is not yet possible to determine what will be the final impact of the resolution of Banco Espírito Santo 
on BCP, as an institution participating in the resolution fund created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, of 
10. 
Regarding payments to be made in 2020 under the Contingent Capital Agreement (the “CCA”), the 
following reference is made in the Resolution Fund’s 2019 annual report: "Novo Banco's 2019 annual 
accounts, as publicly presented by its Executive Board of Directors on 28 February 2020, include the 
quantification of the liability arising from the CCA, of 1 037 000 thousand euros. In this context, and 
without prejudice to the verification procedures to be carried out prior to disbursement by the Resolution 
Fund, a provision was made by that amount for 2019". 
According to a notice issued by the Resolution Fund on 4 June 2020, the payment made by the 
Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in May 2020 of EUR 1,035 million resulted from the execution of the 
2017 agreements, under the process of the sale of the 75% stake of the Resolution Fund in Novo Banco, 
which complies with all the procedures and limits defined therein. 
In the same notice, the Resolution Fund also clarifies that the "Resolution Fund and Novo Banco have 
initiated an arbitration procedure to clarify the treatment that should be given, under the CCA, of the 
effects of Novo Banco's decision to waiver the transitional regime it currently benefits from and which 
aims to reduce the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on credit institutions' own funds. This issue 
falls within the scope of the implementation of the CCA, which sets the maximum amount of payments 
to be made by the Resolution Fund at 3,890 million euros. Thus, even if the arbitration procedure were 
to have an unfavourable outcome for the Resolution Fund's claims, its effects would fall under the 
maximum limit of 3,890 million euros in accordance with the CCA. The abovementioned arbitral 
proceedings therefore do not represent an additional risk compared to the ceiling of 3,890 million 
euros". 
In a separate notice dated 16 June 2020, the Resolution Fund clarifies that "the Resolution Fund has 
also provided the Budget and Finance Committee, in writing, of all the clarifications on its decision to 
deduct from the amount calculated under the CCA, the amount related to the variable remuneration 
attributed to the members of the Executive Board of Directors of Novo Banco". 
Following the payment made in May 2019 by the Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in compliance with 
the Contingent Capitalization Agreement, a special audit determined by the Government was 
conducted. According to a statement issued by the Resolution Fund on 3 September 2020, "The 
information presented by the independent entity that conducted the special audit shows, in particular, 
that Novo Banco has been operating in a framework strongly marked by the vast legacy of non-
productive assets, still generated in the sphere of Banco Espírito Santo, S.A., with the consequent

--- Page 173 ---
173 
recording of impairments and provisions, but that it has also strengthened its internal procedures. With 
regard to the exercise of the Resolution Fund's powers under the Contingent Capitalization Agreement, 
the audit results reflect the adequacy of the principles and criteria adopted". 
On 26 March 2021, the Resolution Fund issued a notice in relation to Novo Banco’s 2020 earnings 
report, under which Novo Banco announced that it will be resorting to the contingent capital mechanism 
under the Contingent Capitalization Agreement. Novo Banco’s request with respect to the payment 
under the Contingent Capitalization Agreement will amount to up to EUR 598 million. Under the 
Contingent Capitalization Agreement, procedures to verify the amount set out by Novo Banco will now 
be performed. Further, it is yet to be determined whether the impact on Novo Banco’s accounts will be 
covered by the contingent capital mechanism. Such matters represent an amount which is greater than 
EUR 160 million. The Contingent Capitalization Agreement also sets out that the payment owed by the 
Resolution Fund shall be paid during the month of May, once the applicable procedures and 
requirements have been satisfied. 
Furthermore, on 1 April 2021, the Resolution Fund announced that it has received the special audit 
report, which occurs following the audit concluded in August 2020. The Resolution Fund states that 
this report evidences, with reference to 31 December 2019, the amounts paid by the Resolution Fund 
were 640 million lower than the losses registered in the assets comprised in the Contingent 
Capitalization Agreement and that it will, with Banco de Portugal, analyse the results of the audit to 
extract the relevant conclusions. 
Summary of the developments between 2011 and 2020 of some relevant indicators of the Bank11 
The Bank has successfully executed an operational turnaround, reinforcing its financial and capital 
position despite adverse market conditions in the Portuguese banking sector.  This position is reflected 
by achievements such as the reduction of the commercial gap from EUR 20.5 billion at 31 December 
2011 to EUR -9.2 billion at 31 December 2020, following a significant deleveraging (net loans 
decreased by 21% and deposits increased by 33%), a recovery of net interest income in Portugal from 
EUR 343 million to EUR 789 million in 2019 and EUR 805 million in 2020, a reduction of operating 
costs from EUR 853 million in 2013 to EUR 674 million in 2019 and EUR 650 million in 2020 and a 
reduction of cost of risk from 157 bp in 2013 to 92 in the end of December 2020.  Pre-provision profit12 
increased from EUR 474 million in 2013 to EUR 1,169 million in 2019 and EUR 1,186 million in 2020.  
As a percentage of assets, pre-provision profit increased from 0.6% in 2013 to 1.4% in 2019 and 2020.  
As a result of the significant deleveraging, reliance on ECB funding has decreased from EUR 10 billion 
in 2013 to EUR 3.3 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
The balance sheet breakdown as at 31 December 2020 is, on the assets side: gross loans and advances 
to customers (including debt securities and commercial paper) in the amount of EUR 56.1 billion (EUR 
54.2 billion recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers"; EUR 1.6 billion 
recorded in "Debt securities held associated with credit operations" and EUR 0.354 billion (gross 
amount without considering the fair value adjustments) recorded in "Financial assets not held for trading 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value"), 
securities portfolio (including financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and debt securities held not associated with credit 
                                                     
11 In this section, the terms listed below shall have the following meaning: 
 
"Net loans" means loans to Customers at amortised cost net of impairment, debt instruments at amortised cost associated 
to credit operations net of impairment and balance sheet amount of loans to Customers at fair value through profit or loss; 
 
"Commercial gap" means loans to Customers (gross) minus on-balance sheet customer funds; 
 
"Net Interest Margin" means net interest income for the period as a percentage of average interest earning assets; 
 
"Cost of time deposits" means spread on term deposits book minus 3m Euribor; 
 
"Total funding costs" means interest expenses divided by interest bearing liabilities; 
 
"Performing loans" means loans to Customers (gross) minus the stock of non-performing exposures. 
12  "Pre-provision profit" means net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net commissions, net trading income, 
other net operating income and equity accounted earnings minus operating costs.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
operations) in the amount of EUR 18.2 billion and other assets net in the amount of EUR 4.9 billion; 
and on the liabilities side: deposits in the amount of EUR 63.3 billion (of which EUR 63.0 at the 
amortised cost), money market net (the difference between resources from credit institutions and cash 
and deposits at central banks, loans to credit institutions and loan agreements) in the amount of EUR 
1.9 billion, debt issued by the Bank in the amount of EUR 4.6 billion and shareholders' equity in the 
amount of EUR 7.4 billion.  The balance sheet breakdown as at 31 December 2011, is on the assets 
side: loans and advances to customers in the amount of EUR 68.0 billion, securities in the amount of 
EUR 12.1 billion and other assets net in the amount of EUR 3.2 billion; and on the liabilities side: 
deposits in the amount of EUR 47.5 billion, money market net in the amount of EUR 12.9 billion, debt 
issued by the Bank in the amount of EUR 18.5 billion and shareholders' equity in the amount of EUR 
4.4 billion. 
The breakdown by instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the Bank as at 31 
December 2020 (EUR 4.6 billion) is as follows (which are recorded in the captions "Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost – non subordinated debt securities issued", "Financial liabilities at amortised cost –
subordinated debt" and "Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss"): MTN (EUR 0.8 
billion), bonds and certificates (EUR 0.8 billion), covered bonds (EUR 1.0 billion), securitisations (EUR 
0.2 billion), subordinated debt (EUR 1.4 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 0.5 billion).  As at 31 
December 2011, the breakdown by instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the 
Bank (EUR 18.5 billion) was as follows: MTN (EUR 7.6 billion), bonds and certificates (EUR 4.1 
billion), covered bonds (EUR 3.3 billion), securitisations (EUR 1.2 billion), subordinated debt (EUR 
1.1 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 1.2 billion). 
The amount of the debt outstanding repaid from 2011-2016 was on average EUR 2.3 billion per year, 
the same amount as in 2017 (EUR 2.3 billion of debt repaid), EUR 0.8 billion of debt repaid in 2018 , 
EUR 0.4 billion of debt repaid in 2019, and EUR 0.5 billion of debt repaid in 2020.  The amount of debt 
to be repaid in the years after 2020 amounts to EUR 4.6 billion.  Future debt repayments (medium-long 
term) are significantly lower than in the past. 
The securities portfolio totalled EUR 12.1 billion as at December 2011 of which EUR 7.3 billion is 
sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled EUR 4.7 billion of which EUR 3.0 billion are 
Bonds and EUR 1.7 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.8 billion; 
Mozambican long-term Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.3 billion and other totalled EUR 1.5 billion) 
and EUR 4.8 billion other instruments.  The securities portfolio totalled EUR 18.2 billion as at 31 
December 2020 of which EUR 15.1 billion is sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled 
EUR 7.7 billion of which EUR 7.4 billion are bonds and EUR 0.4 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government 
Bonds totalled EUR 4.1 billion; Mozambican Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.4 billion and other 
totalled EUR 2.9 billion) and EUR 3.1 billion other instruments. 
Evolution of some relevant indicators of the Bank between 2011 and 2020 
Consolidated 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contribution to consolidated results of 
international operations (€ mn) 
- 
- 
159 
178 
170 
173 
175 
187 
144 
49 
Net loans (€ bn) 
68.0 
62.6 
56.8 
53.7 
52 
48 
47.6 
48.1 
52.3 
54.1 
Deposits (€ bn) 
47.5 
49.4 
49.0 
49.8 
51.5 
48.8 
51.2 
55.2 
60.9 
63.3 
Commercial gap (€ bn) 
20.5 
13.2 
7.8 
3.9 
0.4 
-0.8 
-3.6 
-7.1 
-8.6 
-9.2 
ECB funding (total collateral) (€ bn) 
15.7 
22.3 
19.9 
14.2 
13.9 
12.1 
12.8 
16.9 
17.1 
22.5 
ECB funding (€ bn) 
12.4 
10.5 
10.0 
6.6 
5.3 
4.4 
3.0 
2.7 
0.3 
3.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Individual (Portugal) 
  
  
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Net Interest Income (€ mn) 
 
 
343 
527 
711 
736 
808 
803 
789 
805 
Net Interest Margin (%) 
  
  
0.6% 
1.0% 
1.5% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
1.8% 
1.7% 
1.6%

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Cost of time deposits (bps) 
  
  
-239 
-173 
-123 
-83 
-69 
-56 
-56 
-52 
Total funding costs (%) 
  
  
2.41% 
1.92% 
1.21% 
0.78% 
0.44% 
0.33% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
Operating costs (€ mn)(*) 
 
 
853 
690 
644 
624 
588 
641 
674 
650 
Number of branches(**) 
  
  
774 
695 
671 
618 
578 
546 
505 
478 
Number of employees(***)  
  
  
8,584 
7,795 
7,459 
7,333 
7,189 
7,095 
7,204 
7,013 
Impairment charges (€ mn) 
  
  
743 
1,021 
730 
1,045 
533 
389 
279 
354 
Cost of risk (bps) 
  
  
157 
233 
175 
266 
140 
105 
76 
92 
Performing loans (€ bn) 
  
  
34.5 
32.9 
31.8 
30.8 
31.2 
32.4 
33.5 
36.1 
Customer deposits (Term deposits) (€ bn) 
  
  
24.9 
24.3 
21.9 
19.9 
18.9 
18.2 
16.7 
16.1 
Customer deposits (On-demand deposits) (€ bn) 
  
  
9.0 
10.1 
12.9 
14.1 
16.4 
19.5 
22.7 
27.2 
(*) FY 2011: 1,039  
 
(**) 885 in 2011 
 
(***) 9,959 in 2011 
 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
The Bank and the Group 
The following diagram summarises the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the 
Group as at 31 December 2020:

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
* Consolidated by the equity method. 
In addition, the Bank's subsidiary, Millennium bcp – Prestação de Serviços ACE represents its 
associates regarding third parties, namely in the areas of IT, operational, administrative and 
procurement.  The Bank is, directly or indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in 
the Group and is not dependent upon other entities within the Group.  However, being the ultimate 
holding company of the Group, the activities developed by the other members of the Group have an 
impact on the Bank. 
Ownership and Control 
The Bank is not aware of any shareholder or group of connected shareholders who directly or indirectly 
control the Bank. 
Significant Subsidiaries 
The following is a list of the main subsidiaries of the Bank as of 31 December 2019: 
 
 Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A. 
 
Domestic Operations  
 
Foreign Operations  
 
 Interfundos –
Gestão de Fundos 
de Investimento 
Imobiliário, S.A.
(100 %)  
 Banco ActivoBank  
(Internet/Mobile 
Bank)  
(100%) 
 Millennium bcp 
Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, S.G.P.S., 
S.A. *
(Bancassurance)
(49.0%) 
 
Bank Millennium 
(Poland)  
(50.1%)  
 Banco 
Internacional de 
Moçambique  
(Mozambique)  
(66.7%)  
 Banco Millennium 
Atlântico 
(Angola) *  
(22.5%)  
 
Banque Privée BCP  
(Switzerland)  
(100%)

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Subsidiary companies 
Head Office 
Activity 
% held by 
the Group 
% held by the 
Bank 
Banco ActivoBank, S.A. 
Lisbon 
Banking 
100 
100 
Banco 
Millennium 
Atlântico, S.A. 
Luanda 
Banking 
22.5 
– 
Bank Millennium, S.A. 
Warsaw 
Banking 
50.1 
50.1 
Banque Privée BCP (Suisse) 
S.A. 
Geneva 
Banking 
100 
100 
Banco 
Internacional 
de 
Moçambique, S.A. 
Maputo 
Banking 
66.7 
– 
Interfundos - Gestão de 
Fundos 
de 
Investimento 
Imobiliários, S.A. 
Oeiras 
Investment fund 
management 
100 
100 
Millennium bcp – Prestação 
de Serviços, A. C. E. 
Lisbon 
Services 
96.4 
88.2 
Millenniumbcp 
Ageas 
Grupo Segurador, S.G.P.S., 
S.A. 
Oeiras 
Holding company 
49 
49 
General information 
So far as the Bank is aware, there are no arrangements in place, the operation of which may result in a 
change of control of the Bank. 
The Bank has made no material investments since the date of the last published financial statements 
and the Bank has not made relevant firm commitments on future investments. 
There have been no recent events particular to the Bank, which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Bank's solvency. 
Share Capital 
The authorised, issued and fully paid up share capital of the Bank is EUR 4,725,000,000.00 divided 
into 15,113,989,952 shares with no nominal value.  The shares are ordinary, issued in a dematerialised 
book-entry form (escriturais) and nominativas, and are integrated in a centralised system recognised 
under the Portuguese Securities Code (Central de Valores Mobiliários) managed by Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A., with its registered office at Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100 -138 Oporto. 
Legislation regulating the activity of the Bank 
The Bank is governed by European Union rules, banking and commercial Portuguese laws on limited 
liability companies (sociedades anónimas) – notably by the Portuguese Companies Code – and, in 
particular, by the Banking Law, by the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) 
and other complementary legislation. 
In general terms, the Bank's activity as a credit institution is subject to the supervision of Banco de 
Portugal, to the supervision of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado 
de Valores Mobiliários) as an issuer and a financial intermediary and to the supervision of the 
Portuguese Insurance and Pension Funds Supervisory Authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros 
e Fundos de Pensões (ASF)) as the tied insurance intermediary.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Recent developments on the banking regulation 
Regulatory requirements 
Capital requirements: 
On 12 September 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision announced a new capital 
agreement on banking supervision known as Basel III, which revises most of the capital and liquidity 
minimum requirements.  The Basel III framework sets out enhanced standards to strengthen financial 
institutions' capital base, improve risk management and governance, and increase transparency for 
market participants.  It builds on the Basel II three-pillar architecture, according to which: (i) Pillar 1 
(minimum prudential requirements) sets the binding minimum level of capital banks and investment 
firms need to face major risks; (ii) Pillar 2 (supervisory review) allows supervisors to evaluate 
institution-specific risks and impose additional capital charges to face them; (iii) Pillar 3 (market 
discipline) aims to increase transparency in banks' financial reporting allowing marketplace participants 
to better reward well-managed banks. 
CRD IV empowers the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) to draw up regulatory technical standards 
that specify some of the aspects covered by the amended diplomas.  Upon the respective adoption by 
the European Commission these norms are directly applicable under Portuguese law.  Guidelines are 
subject to their adoption by the Competent Authority. 
Under the guidance of the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), the conclusions of the supervisory 
review take the form of prudential requirements (Pillar 2) being set to be held in excess of the minimum 
capital requirements (Pillar 1).  Banks are required to maintain a total capital requirement that includes 
CET1 instruments and other capital instruments and are also subject to the overall capital requirement 
that also includes the combined own funds buffer requirement. 
The supervision of internal models is based on current applicable EU and national law, including CRR, 
the relevant regulatory technical standards of the EBA and EBA guidelines with which the ECB has 
announced its intention to comply.  The internal risk models that the Bank has implemented are 
supervised and monitored continuously by the supervisory authorities, with whom the Bank maintains 
a regular dialogue on the matter.  Adjustments to those models, with a view to their better calibration 
in light of possible context changes, requested by the supervisory authorities or as a result of the Bank's 
initiative, or related to new regulation implementation may have an impact on the amount of risk 
weighted assets ("RWA"), and, consequently, affect the capital ratios of the Bank.  The revised 
regulatory framework of Basel III was implemented in the EU through the adoption of Regulation 
575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or superseded 
from time to time, on prudential requirements ("CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or superseded from time to time, on access 
to the activity of credit institutions on prudential requirements ("CRD IV").  The CRD IV package is 
comprised of a directive (CRD IV) governing the access to banking activity, and a regulation (CRR) 
establishing how to calculate the amount of capital that banks and investment firms must set aside; it 
also lays down requirements on reporting and liquidity. 
The CRR is directly applicable to Member States since January 2014 and includes the following 
provisions in addition to the minimum capital requirement for CET1 capital of 4.5% of RWA, of 6% 
for Tier 1 capital ratio and the total capital ratio of 8.0%: 
(i) 
an additional capital conservation ratio requirement of 2.5% over common equity; 
(ii) 
a countercyclical capital buffer, which will be between 0.0% and 2.5% of RWA with the ability 
to absorb losses as a function of the credit cycle subject to its application by national 
supervisory authorities;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(iii) 
a systemic risk buffer and a buffer for other systemically important institution; and 
(iv) 
the leverage ratio of 3.0%. 
On 23 November 2014, Decree-Law No. 157/2014, of 24 October 2014 ("Decree-Law No. 157/2014"), 
entered into force, amending the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, and 
implementing CRD IV and CRR at domestic level. 
On 1 January 2018, Regulation (EU) 2017/2395 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, entered into force, amending the CRR as regards transitional arrangements for 
mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment 
of certain public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State. 
The banking package approved by the Council in May 2019 implements further material elements of 
the Basel III framework (Basel IV), which was finalised on December 2017, by way of amendments to 
the CRR ("CRR II") and CRD IV ("CRD V"), the BRRD ("BRRD II") and the SSM Regulation 
("SRMR II"). 
This legislative package includes revised rules on calculating capital requirements for market risk, 
("Fundamental review of the trading book"), introduction of a binding leverage ratio and a binding net 
stability funding ratio ("NSFR") and streamlining Pillar 2 capital requirements.  This legislative 
package also adjusts the MREL.  The above Regulations and Directives entered into force on 27 June 
2019.  The amendments to the CRR are to be applied for the first time two years after entry into force 
(subject to certain earlier applications and exemptions, such as those relating to the transitional 
arrangements for IFRS 9 and the characteristics of new regulatory capital instruments), while the new 
CRD V rules are to be applied 18 months after entry into force, with application immediately thereafter.  
Member States shall adopt and publish the measures necessary to comply with the Directives. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020, which 
contains amendments to the CRR in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, brought forward the 
application dates for certain reforms introduced by the CRR, such as the exemption of certain software 
assets from capital deductions, specific treatment envisaged for certain loans backed by pensions or 
salaries, as well as small and medium-sized enterprises and infrastructure supporting factors. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision reached an agreement on the 
remaining Basel III reforms ("Basel IV").  Basel IV, which paves the way for CRR III and CRD VI as 
they are to be transposed to European law, aims at reducing excessive variability of RWA.  The agreed 
reforms address the following topics: 
(i) 
Improvement of the standardised approaches for credit risk; 
(ii) 
Constraints to the use of internal models: banks may, for example, for their exposures to large 
and mid-sized corporates no longer use own estimates for two parameters (the loss-given-
default and exposure at default) but rather use fixed values instead.  Moreover, after the reform, 
internal ratings-based approaches will no longer be allowed for exposures to equities; 
(iii) 
Improvement of the operational risk framework: current approaches are replaced with a single 
risk-sensitive standardised approach to be used by all banks; internal models will no longer be 
allowed to address losses that stem from misconduct, inadequate systems and controls, etc.; 
(iv) 
Introduction of a different output floor set at 72.5% introducing a limit to the regulatory capital 
benefits that a bank using internal models can derive compared to the standardised approaches; 
and

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(v) 
Revised procedure for calculating credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) in derivatives. 
On January 2019, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the revised standards for 
minimum capital requirements for Market Risk (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book – "FRTB") 
introducing deep changes to the framework and calibration of internal models and standardized models 
used for the calculation of own funds requirements for this type of risk. 
The revised standardised approach, internal models, operational risk framework, and leverage ratio for 
G-SIIs shall all become applicable as of 1 January 2022.  The output floor will be phased-in and will 
only become fully effective as of January 2027 (2022: 50%, 2023: 55%, 2024: 60%, 2025: 65%, 2026: 
70% and 2027: 72.5%).  However, in addition, supervisors may at national discretion cap the increase 
in a bank's total RWA that results from the application of the output floor during its phase-in period.   
Following the COVID-19 pandemic,the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank 
Governors and Heads of Supervision, has endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational 
capacity for banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting 
from the impact of the coronavirus. 
These measures comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding 
Basel III standards: 
• 
The implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
As at 31 December 20120, the Bank's fully implemented CET1 ratio was 12.2%.  Starting from the 
"Total Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders" (EUR 6,221 million), deducting EUR 316 million 
of DTAs, EUR 25 million of EL gap and deducting EUR 229 million of other items, the CET1 stood at 
EUR 5,651 million on 31 December 2020. 
The capital ratio has increased from 6.4% at the end of December 2009 to 9.3% at the end of December 
2011 (both figures refer to the CT1 ratio calculated according to the definition of Banco de Portugal) 
and to 11.1% at the end of December 2016, 11.9% at the end of December 2017, 12.0% at the end of 
December 2018, 12.2% at the end of December 2019 and 12.2% at the end of December 2020 (these 
three figures refer to CET1 fully implemented ratio, calculated according to CRD IV and CRR). 
Capital buffers: The criteria for maintenance by credit institutions and certain investment companies of 
additional own funds' buffers include: 
(a) 
a capital conservation buffer; 
(b) 
the institution's specific countercyclical capital buffer; 
(c) 
the systemic risk buffer, also referred to as SII buffer; and 
(d) 
an O-SII buffer (for other systemically important institutions at a national level).

--- Page 181 ---
181 
The combined buffer requirement with which each institution is required to comply corresponds to the 
sum of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, and the 
higher of the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer (except where the latter only applies to risk 
exposures in the Member State which activated the measure, in which case it is additive). 
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience 
of the financial sector and preventing systemic risk.  The set of instruments and intermediate objectives 
will be revised and adjusted by the competent authorities where necessary to better safeguard financial 
stability.  In addition, other macroprudential policy instruments may be activated if deemed necessary.  
Failure to comply with these buffers implies restrictions on distributions relating to CET1 own funds 
as well as an obligation to submit to the competent authorities a capital conservation plan within 5 
business days of the breach. 
Capital conservation buffer: The capital conservation buffer requirement aims to accommodate losses 
from a potential adverse scenario The Bank has a requirement (at an individual and consolidated level) 
to maintain a minimum CET1 capital buffer of 2.5%, as provided in Article 138-D of the Banking Law. 
Countercyclical buffer: The countercyclical capital buffer is one of the main macroprudential 
instruments introduced by the new regulatory framework, aiming to improve the banking system's 
resilience to periods of excessive credit growth.  The establishment of variable capital requirements 
over the cycle is expected to contribute to mitigating the pro-cyclicality of banks' credit policies.  The 
following apply to this buffer: 
(i) 
the rate will be set between 0% and 2.5% of the total risk exposure amount; 
(ii) 
the rate is calibrated in steps of 0.25 percentage points or multiples of 0.25 percentage points; 
and 
(iii) 
in exceptional cases, the rate may be set at a level above 2.5%. 
The buffer rate for each institution, known as the "institution-specific countercyclical buffer rate", is a 
weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the countries where the credit 
exposures of that institution are located.  This requirement is met with CET1 capital.  Under the SSM, 
the ECB can propose higher minimum capital requirements than the ones defined by the national 
authorities.  This capital buffer will apply to all credit risk exposures, with credit exposures to the 
domestic private non-financial sector, of credit institutions and investment firms subject to the 
supervision of Banco de Portugal or the ECB (SSM), as applicable. 
The countercyclical buffer rate for credit exposures to the domestic counterparties (Portugal) will 
remain at zero % of the total risk exposure amount in effect since 1 April 2021.  This decision is 
reviewed on a quarterly basis by Banco de Portugal and the next decision is to be taken by 30 June 
2021.  As at 8 April 2021 the weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the 
countries where the Bank is located was also zero %.  
On 15 April 2020, the ECB released a statement supporting the macroprudential policy actions taken 
by euro area macroprudential authorities in response to the coronavirus outbreak. These included 
releases or reductions of the countercyclical capital buffer, systemic risk buffer and buffers for O-SII. 
In addition, some authorities have postponed or revoked earlier announced measures. 
Systemic risk buffer: In order to calculate the systemic risk buffer, Banco de Portugal categorises 
institutions as global systemically important institution ("G-SII") or other systemically important 
institution ("O-SII").  Banco de Portugal can also impose a systemic risk buffer of CET1 capital on an 
individual, sub-consolidated or consolidated basis of at least 1% of the risk exposure to which such

--- Page 182 ---
182 
buffer is applicable, to prevent or reduce the long-term non-cyclic systemic or macroprudential risks 
that present a risk of disruption in the financial system and the Portuguese economy. 
A G-SII could face additional requirements. Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese 
banks may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no assurance that this will not change in the future.  The 
Bank is currently classified as an O-SII, and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital 
requirements.  The O-SII buffer rates range from 0.25% to 1% of the total risk exposure (maximum 
level of 2%) and consists of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis.  The cap on the O-SII buffer rate of 
2% has been lifted with CRD V to 3%, subject to the approval of the European Commission.  These 
buffers are revised each year or in the event of a significant restructuring process, particularly, a merger 
or acquisition. 
On 29 November 2019, Banco de Portugal disclosed that it had conducted the annual reassessment of 
the list of institutions identified as O-SIIs and the respective capital buffers.  The O-SII buffer applicable 
to BCP increased by 25 basis points to 1.00% to be in force starting 1 January 2022.  
Following the pandemic outbreak, on 8 May 2020, Banco de Portugal decided to postpone the phase-
in period by 1 year of the capital buffer for O-SII, changing the end of the phase-in period of BCP from 
1 January 2022 to 1 January 2023 (0.56% in 2021, 0.75% in 2022 and 1.00% in 2023). 
Evolution of the Solvency Ratio in 2020 
According to BCP's interpretation of CRD IV and CRR to date, the CET1 estimated ratio as at 31 
December 2020 stood at 12.2% both phased-in and fully implemented, consistent with the amounts 
presented at the same period of 2019 (12.2% phased-in and fully implemented) and above the minimum 
required ratios under the SREP (“Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process”) for 2020, adjusted 
by the early adoption of the option provided for in the review of Directive Capital-CRD V that allows 
the partial use of capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) to meet 
the Pillar 2 Requirements (“P2R”) (CET1: 8.828%, T1: 10.75% and Total: 13.313%). 
On 12 March 2020, the European Central Bank announced a set of measures intended to guarantee the 
continued financing of households and corporates experiencing temporary difficulties, due to the 
economic effects that are felt worldwide. 
These supervisory measures aim to support banks in serving the economy and addressing operational 
challenges ahead, including the pressure on their staff. 
Capital buffers required by the regulator were established with the objective of allowing banks to face 
adverse shocks. While the European banking sector has built up a significant amount in capital buffers, 
the ECB has allowed banks to operate temporarily below the capital level defined by Pillar 2 Guidance 
(“P2G”) the capital conservation buffer (“CCB”) and the systemic buffer (“O-SII”). Furthermore, 
several National Supervisory Authorities have reduced or temporarily eliminated the need for the 
creation of countercyclical buffers (“CCyB”). 
The CET1 phased-in ratio performance during 2020 mainly reflects the organic generation of capital, 
which offset the negative impacts of the increase in weighted risks and of the pension fund, keeping the 
CET1 ratio at the same levels as in 2019, in line with the bank's medium-term objectives. 
SOLVABILITY RATIOS 
  
  
  (Euro million) 
  
31 Dec. 20 31 Dec. 19 
31 Dec. 20 
31 Dec. 19 
  
PHASED-IN 
FULLY IMPLEMENTED 
OWN FUNDS

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
5,657 
5,508 
5,651 
5,496 
Tier 1 
6,194 
6,012 
6,187 
6,000 
TOTAL CAPITAL 
7,212 
7,036 
7,213 
7,028 
RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS 
46,413 
45,031 
46,322 
44,972 
CAPITAL RATIOS (*) 
  
  
  
  
CET1 
12.2% 
12.2% 
12.2% 
12.2% 
Tier 1  
13.3% 
13.4% 
13.4% 
13.3% 
Total 
15.5% 
15.6% 
15.6% 
15.6% 
(*) Includes the cumulative net income recorded in each period.  
 
Leverage ratio 
The leverage ratio is a (non-risk-sensitive) measure of a bank's ability to meet its long-term financial 
obligations, calculated by dividing the Bank's Tier 1 capital by its average total consolidated assets and 
expressed as a percentage. 
CRD V introduces a binding leverage ratio minimum requirement of 3%.  Under the new CRD V rules, 
additional leverage ratio requirements can be imposed to address the institution-specific risk of 
excessive leverage.  G-SII will be required to hold an additional leverage ratio buffer in the future, 
amounting to 50% of the risk-based G-SII capital buffer.  It is not anticipated that Portuguese banks 
may be classified as G-SIIs.  These changes deriving from CRR II, except for the G-SII, are to be 
applied for the first time two years after CRR II enters into force.  Currently, the Leverage ratio only 
has to be reported to the supervisor and disclosed publicly. 
The Bank's leverage ratio was 6.7% fully implemented, as at 31 December 2020. 
Liquidity requirements 
Basel III and CRD and CRR, provide for the setting of short- and long-term liquidity ratios and funding 
ratios, namely the LCR and the NSFR.  The NSFR, currently a mere reporting obligation will become 
binding following CRD V. 
The Bank's LCR calculated in accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, 
of 10 October 2014, and the NSFR, estimated in accordance with Basel III methodology that supported 
the ECB's Short-Term Exercise report, were 230% and 140%, respectively, as at 31 December 2019, 
higher than the reference value of 100% (fully implemented). 
The LCR requires that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") in their liquidity 
buffer to cover the difference between the expected cash outflows and the expected capped cash inflows 
over a 30-day stressed period.  The value of the ratio is to be no lower than 100% (the stock of HQLAs 
should at least equal total net cash outflows).  In relation to the LCR, the EBA: 
(i) 
defined assets as “extremely high” and of “high” quality; 
(ii) 
put in place operational requirements for the holdings of liquid assets;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
(iii) 
recommended that all types of bonds issued or guaranteed by Member States' central 
governments and central banks in local currency as well as those issued or guaranteed by 
supranational institutions should be considered transferrable extremely high-quality assets; 
(iv) 
stated that the credit quality standards and eligibility of covered bonds, bonds, RMBS and bonds 
issued by local government entities should be considered highly liquid and credit quality assets; 
and 
(v) 
recommended that common equity shares should be considered high quality liquid assets. 
The NSFR, is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable 
funding.  This ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an on-going basis.  "Available stable funding" 
is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered 
by the NSFR, which extends to one year.  The ratio aims at ensuring that the funding of illiquid assets 
is made through stable sources, both in normal as well as adverse conditions. 
Sustainable Finance 
The European Union is strongly supporting the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-efficient and 
sustainable economy and it has been at the forefront of efforts to build a financial system that supports 
sustainable growth. On 11 December 2019, the Commission presented the European Green Deal, a 
growth strategy aiming to make Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050. To this end, the 
Commission has developed a comprehensive policy agenda on sustainable finance since 2018, 
comprising the action plan on financing sustainable growth and the development of a renewed 
sustainable finance strategy in the framework of the European Green Deal. On 18 June 2020, a 
sustainable taxonomy for the EU was put forward through Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(“EU Taxonomy”). It establishes a classification scheme for economic activities based on their 
environmental sustainability which is primarily aimed at supporting mandatory disclosures. On 21 April 
2021, the European Commission approved in principle the first delegated act aimed to support 
sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the 
EU’s environmental objectives. Specifically, for the banking sector, the EBA was given several 
mandates to assess how environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks can be incorporated into the 
three pillars of prudential supervision. Based on this, the EBA published an Action Plan on sustainable 
finance and a Discussion Paper on the integration of ESG risks into the regulatory and supervisory 
framework. 
Response to the COVID-19 crisis 
ECB Banking Supervision provides temporary capital and operational relief in reaction to the COVID-
19 crisis 
On 12 and 20 March 2020, the ECB announced several measures to support banks. 
The ECB announced that it would allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined 
by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR"). The 
ECB also clarified that capital buffers could be used in full and that no negative judgment will be 
attached to those making use of these relief measures. Once this period of financial distress is over 
banks will be granted sufficient time to build up the buffers again. 
Banks would also be allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital, 
for example Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet the P2R.  This brought forward a measure 
that was initially scheduled to come into effect in January 2021, as part of the latest revision of the CRD 
V.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
In addition, the ECB has taken individual measures, such as adjusting timetables, processes and 
deadlines (e.g. rescheduling on-site inspections and extending deadlines for the implementation of 
remediation actions stemming from recent on-site inspections and internal model investigations; 
extending deadlines for certain non-critical supervisory measures and data requests).  Banco de Portugal 
clarified some of these measures through Carta Circular 2020/00000017 and 2020/00000021. 
On 16 April 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision provided temporary relief for capital requirements for 
market risk by allowing banks to adjust the supervisory component of these requirements. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB published (i) a recommendation concerning dividend distributions 
during the COVID-19 pandemic (repealing Recommendation ECB/2020/35) in which the ECB 
recommends that until 30 September 2021 significant credit institutions exercise extreme prudence 
when deciding on or paying out dividends or performing share buy-backs aimed at remunerating 
shareholders and (ii) reiterated its expectation of extreme moderation with regard to variable 
remuneration until 30 September 2021. 
Banking Package to help mitigate the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
On 28 April 2020, the Commission adopted a banking package to help mitigate the impact of the 
Coronavirus. It includes an Interpretative Communication on the EU's accounting and prudential 
frameworks, as well as targeted “quick fix” amendments to EU banking rules. 
On 24 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the CRR “quick fix”) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain 
adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic was adopted. 
• 
CRR 
In this regard, the following set of amendments to the CRR have been made: 
(i) 
The IFRS 9 transitional arrangements have been extended by two years, and institutions have 
been allowed to fully add back to their Common Equity Tier 1 capital any increase in expected 
credit loss provisions that they recognise in 2020 and 2021 for their financial assets that are not 
credit-impaired, as compared to end-2019. In addition, a temporary prudential filter that 
neutralises the impact of the volatility in central government debt markets on institutions’ 
regulatory capital during the coronavirus pandemic has been introduced. The date of application 
of the leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs was deferred by one year to 1 January 2023; and; 
(ii) 
more favourable treatment of publicly guaranteed loans under the NPL prudential backstop, 
namely by temporarily extending preferential treatment to NPLs guaranteed by the public sector 
in the context of measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
in accordance with EU State aid rules. 
• 
IFRS 9 
The banking package also includes an Interpretative Communication on the EU's accounting and 
prudential frameworks which has clarified:  
(i) 
the flexibility available in IFRS 9 as regards (i) the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) approach under 
IFRS 9; (ii) the Assessment of a "Significant Increase in Credit Risk" (SICR) and (iii) the use 
of moratoria and "Significant Increase in Credit Risk"; 
(ii) 
that individual or corporate loans that benefit from moratoria should not automatically be 
considered to have suffered a "Significant Increase in Credit Risk" if they have become subject

--- Page 186 ---
186 
to private or public moratoria. As such, if they fulfil a number of conditions (as specified in the 
EBA guidelines of 2 April 2020 on payment moratoria, EBA/GL/2020/02) they are not 
considered as forbearance measures and therefore do not affect the classification of the loans 
concerned; and 
(iii) 
how the prudential rules on the classification of NPLs (definition of default and loan 
forbearance under the CRR) can accommodate Government guarantees and payment moratoria 
in line with the statements and guidance by the EBA and the ECB. 
• 
Other measures 
The banking package also envisages the following measures: 
(i) 
advancing the date of application of the revised supporting factor for SME and the new 
supporting factor for infrastructure finance, the preferential treatment of certain software assets, 
and the preferential treatment of certain loans backed by pensions or salaries; and  
(ii) 
a proposal for the modification of the offsetting mechanism associated with competent 
authorities’ discretion to allow credit institutions to temporarily exclude exposures in the form 
of central bank reserves from the calculation of the leverage ratio. 
Banking Union 
In an effort to harmonise the regulation and supervision of banking activities across the European Union 
and especially in the Eurozone, the European Commission established a new common regulation 
(Single Rule Book) and a common supervisory architecture (European Supervisor Authorities together 
with Nacional Competent Authorities.  The key-elements of the Banking Union are the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), the SRM and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"): 
(i) 
The SSM, which assigns the role of direct banking sector supervisor to the ECB in order to 
ensure that the largest banks in Europe are independently supervised under common rules 
(operating since 4 November 2014); 
(ii) 
The SRM, which is responsible for planning for the worst-case scenario, namely the failure of 
a bank, to ensure that the situation can be resolved in an orderly manner; 
(iii) 
On 24 November 2015, the European Commission presented a legislative proposal that aims to 
add another element to the Banking Union, the EDIS, which is to be built on the basis of existing 
national Deposit Guarantee Schemes ("DGS"), but yet to be implemented. 
Furthermore, the underlying resolution rules were changed through the provisions of the BRRD, 
according to which resolutions shall mainly be financed by banks' shareholders and creditors.  Where 
necessary, financing can also be provided, on a complementary basis, by the newly established Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), which is financed by the European banking industry.  The SRF is only 
expected to reach its target funding level in 2023.  Members of the Eurozone are automatically part of 
the Banking Union, while other Member States may opt in. 
The Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigns specific tasks to the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions.  According to the regulation, the SSM is intended to ensure that the 
European Union policy relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions is implemented in a 
coherent and effective manner, that the single rulebook for financial services is applied in the same

--- Page 187 ---
187 
manner to credit institutions in all Member States concerned and that those credit institutions are subject 
to supervision of the highest quality, unfettered by other non-prudential considerations. 
The ECB directly supervises 115 financial institutions, including (since 4 November 2014) the Bank, 
that are considered to be systemically relevant, given their dimension and importance in the banking 
system of each Member State.  The ECB's supervision of banks that are not considered significant (“less 
significant” institutions”) is exercised in conjunction with national authorities.  The "SSM Regulation" 
and the "SSM Framework Regulation" provide the legal basis for the operational arrangements of the 
SSM. 
The SSM is also responsible for regularly assessing and measuring the risks for each bank and, 
consequently, the capital and liquidity adequacy of credit institutions through the global evaluation of 
own funds adequacy, by means of the SREP: 
(i) 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital requirements, (e.g. Pillar 2 
capital requirements – ("P2R") and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G")), but may also decide to 
impose additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures; 
(ii) 
The prudential requirements require banks to maintain a total SREP capital requirement 
("TSCR") that includes CET1 instruments and other capital instruments; 
(iii) 
Banks are also subject to the overall capital requirement ("OCR") that includes, in addition to 
the TSCR, additional capital buffers, namely "the combined buffer", comprised of the 
countercyclical capital buffer, capital conservation buffer and systemic buffer, as described 
above; and 
(iv) 
The P2G is to be made up entirely of CET1 capital and should be held over and above the OCR.  
Failure to comply with the P2G is not itself a breach of own funds requirements, but it may be 
subject to additional measures adjusted to the individual situation of the bank.  The P2G is not 
relevant for purposes of the Minimum Distributable Amount ("MDA").  The MDA is the 
maximum amount a bank is allowed to pay out, for example for bonuses or dividends.  A bank 
whose capital ratio falls below the MDA trigger point faces restrictions on the amount of 
distributable profits. 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital requirements but may also decide to 
impose additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures.  The final measures 
to be adopted will be assessed, on a case-by-case basis, by the Supervisory Board of the ECB. 
CRD V clarifies the conditions for imposing Pillar 2 additional requirements, i.e., the institution-
specific nature of Pillar 2 add-ons makes them unsuitable for macro-prudential purposes, for which 
other specific tools are set out.  It also clarifies the interaction between the Pillar 2 add-ons, the Pillar 1 
requirements, the own funds and eligible liabilities requirement, the MREL and the combined buffers 
(the 'stacking order') while clarifying the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements imposed by 
supervisors to address institution-specific actual risks and (non-binding) P2G, which refers to the 
possibility for competent authorities to indicate to banks the level of capital in excess of Pillar 1, Pillar 
2 and combined buffers requirements that they expect them to hold to face forward-looking and remote 
stresses. 
The EBA issues guidelines on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP.  These guidelines 
introduce consistent methodologies for the assessment of risks to capital and risks to liquidity, and for 
the assessment of the Bank's capital and liquidity adequacy.  Changes to guidelines, after being endorsed 
by the competent authorities may also have implications on the Bank's compliance of supervisory 
requirements.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
The Single Resolution Mechanism 
A new recovery and resolution regime introduced tools and powers aimed at addressing banking crisis 
in advance through Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014, as amended or superseded from time to time, established a framework for recovery and resolution 
("BRRD").  The SRM establishes uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions 
(the "SRM Regulation") regarding the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity. 
The BRRD was transposed to the Portuguese legal order through Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 
2015, as amended or superseded from time to time (which amended the Banking Law). 
In the event of a bank's critical financial condition ("fail or likely to fail"), the Banking Union's 
framework was designed to minimise the impact of any particular bank's financial difficulties on the 
financial system and on taxpayers.  Under the envisaged SRM, shareholders of the institution would be 
the first to bear losses, before that institution's lenders in accordance with the applicable creditor 
hierarchy set out under applicable legislation.  To that end, resolution authorities were given the power 
to allocate losses to shareholders and creditors (including holders of any Covered Bonds) (the "bail in" 
tool, as per Article 43 of the BRRD), in line with the valuation of the failing business and according to 
the sequence of write down and conversion provided in Article 48 of the BRRD.  Shareholders and 
creditors must therefore absorb losses for at least 8% of their total liabilities, including own funds, 
before any use of the resolution fund. 
Guaranteed deposits are expected to be safeguarded and creditors should not bear losses greater than 
those that they would have suffered had the institution been liquidated under ordinary insolvency 
proceedings.  The BRRD contemplates that subordinated liabilities may be subject to non-viability loss 
absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool. 
As such, the Banking Union and, in particular, the use of resolution tools and powers provided for by 
the Banking Union may disrupt the rights of shareholders and creditors.  In particular, the power of the 
authorities to transfer the shares or all or part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without 
the consent of shareholders affects the property rights of shareholders.  In addition, the power to decide 
which liabilities to transfer out of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the 
continuity of services and avoiding adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment 
of creditors. 
To avoid institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the bail-
in tool, the BRRD requires that institutions meet at all times a MREL expressed as a percentage of the 
total liabilities and own funds of the institution.  When determining MREL in accordance with points 
(a) and (b) of Article 45 (6) of the BRRD and in applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority should 
ensure that the institution is capable of absorbing an adequate amount of losses and that the post-
resolution entity is recapitalised by an amount sufficient to meet ongoing capital prudential 
requirements after resolution, while sustaining sufficient market confidence.  The resolution authority 
should also take into account the assessments made by the competent authority on the business model, 
funding model, and risk profile of the institution in order to set prudential requirements. 
By delivering a comprehensive framework that ensures that shareholders and creditors bear the cost of 
bank failure, the BRRD aims at: 
(i) 
safeguarding the continuity of essential banking operations; 
(ii) 
protecting the depositors, the client's assets and the public funds; 
(iii) 
risks to financial stability; and

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(iv) 
avoiding the unnecessary destruction of value. 
Accordingly, resolution powers include, among others: 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the principal amount of or outstanding amount due 
in respect of eligible liabilities, of an institution under resolution; 
• 
the power to convert eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of that institution; 
• 
the power to cancel debt instruments issued by an institution under resolution except for secured 
liabilities subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD; and 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the nominal amount of shares or other instruments 
of ownership of an institution under resolution and to cancel such shares or other instruments of 
ownership. 
These powers conferred to resolution authorities are such as to ensure that capital instruments (including 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing 
institution.  Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down 
of such capital instruments in full or on a permanent basis, or their conversion in full into CET1 
instruments, to the extent required and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately 
before the application of any other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of 
reducing or converting at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution, according to an order of 
priority of credits in normal insolvency procedures, in a way that results in: 
(i) 
CET1 instruments being written down in proportion to the relevant losses; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down and/or converted into 
CET1 (Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments). 
Resolution authorities may also apply the bail-in tool to meet the resolution objectives, for any of the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
to recapitalise an institution that meets the conditions for resolution to the extent sufficient to 
restore its ability to comply with the conditions for authorisation and to continue to carry out 
the activities for which it is authorised and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the 
institution or entity; or 
(ii) 
to convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments that are 
transferred: 
(a) 
to a bridge institution with a view to providing capital for that bridge institution; or 
(b) 
under the sale of business tool or the asset separation tool. 
When applying the bail-in tool, resolution authorities exercise the write-down and conversion powers 
meeting the following sequence: 
1. 
Common Equity Tier 1; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 instruments;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
3. 
Tier 2 instruments; 
4. 
Other subordinated debt, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy; and 
5. 
Other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. 
On 3 September 2016, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, 
of 23 May 2016, supplementing the BRRD regulatory technical standards, which entered into force on 
23 September 2016, specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.  This directive requires that institutions meet the 
MREL to avoid excessive reliance on forms of funding that are excluded from bail-in or other resolution 
measures and prevent the risk of contagion to other institutions and "bank run" situations, since failure 
to meet the MREL would negatively impact the institutions' loss absorption and recapitalisation 
capacity and, ultimately, the overall effectiveness of resolution. 
The MREL shall be calculated based on different components, namely: 
• 
the loss absorption amount, based on the current capital requirements, including regulatory 
capital requirements (8% of RWA), the combined buffer requirements, and additional pillar 2 
bank-specific requirements set by the supervisor; 
• 
the recapitalisation amount (RCA), which aims to cover the capital requirements of the failing 
institution post-resolution, taking into account potential divestments and other resolution 
actions under the preferred resolution strategy, and the need to maintain sufficient market 
confidence; and 
• 
adjustments to overall MREL target, namely the DGS adjustment, linked to any potential 
involvement of a DGS to protect insured depositors. 
Resolution authorities may be able to require, on a case-by-case basis, the MREL to be wholly or 
partially composed of own funds or of a specific type of liabilities. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published proposals for certain amendments to the 
BRRD (BRRD II), which include certain proposals in relation to the quality and quantity of MREL 
required by European banks.  BRRD II, which entered into force in 27 June 2019, will be applied after 
being transposed into national law.  A new category of banks ("top-tier banks") was created with the 
entry into force of the BRRD II, enlarging the group of banks for which a statutory minimum 
requirement is applicable.  Top-tier banks are non-G-SIIs with assets above EUR 100 billion.  MREL 
is calculated differently for G-SIIs, "top-tier banks" and other banks subject to resolution.  Institutions 
not meeting the criteria for "top-tier banks" can, however, under certain conditions, be classified as 
such. 
The Bank is currently subject to an entity-specific MREL requirement.  As further described in the 
section Trends Information, the Bank has been notified by Banco de Portugal on the Single Resolution 
Board's decision regarding the MREL.  
On 27 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
12 December 2017, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the EU.  The Directive entered into force 
on 28 December 2017 and was transposed to Portuguese legal framework by Law No. 23/2019, of 13 
March, in addition to the governing of the position of the unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency 
hierarchy, providing greater legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a 
preferential claim to all deposits vis-à-vis senior debt.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission adopted a Temporary Framework to enable Member 
States to further support the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak. It establishes that if due to the 
COVID-19 outbreak, banks would need direct support in the form of liquidity recapitalisation or 
impaired asset measure, the bank receiving such direct support would not automatically be deemed to 
be failing-or-likely-to-fail, as established by the BRRD. To the extent such measures address problems 
linked to the COVID-19 outbreak, they would be an exception to the requirement of burden-sharing by 
shareholders and subordinated creditors. 
The SRM and SRF are regulated by the SRM Regulation, which also established the framework for 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and the calculation method of the annual contributions for 
the funding of the resolution mechanism. 
The main decision-making body of the SRM is the SRB which is responsible for: 
(i) 
the planning and resolution phases of the Banking Union's cross-border and large banks, which 
are directly supervised by the ECB; 
(ii) 
all resolution cases that require recourse to the SRF, irrespective of the size of the bank; 
(iii) 
all banks in the Banking Union. 
The SRB will work in close cooperation with, and will give instructions to, the national authorities of 
Member States, including Banco de Portugal, which is the national resolution authority in Portugal.  
The national authorities of participating Member States (including the Portuguese Republic) are 
responsible for planning and adopting resolution plans in respect of those banks for which the SRB is 
not directly responsible. 
The SRF is financed through ex-ante contributions paid annually at individual level by all credit 
institutions within the Banking Union.  Contributions to the SRF: 
(i) 
take into account the annual target level of the SRF set by the SRB as well as the size and the 
risk profile of institutions; 
(ii) 
are collected by national resolution authorities and transferred to the SRF by 30 June of every 
year (in accordance with Article 67(4) of the SRM Regulation and in accordance with the 
intergovernmental agreement on the transfer and mutualisation of contributions to the SRF 
("Intergovernmental Agreement"); 
(iii) 
are calculated by the methodology as set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/63, of 21 October 2014, as amended or superseded from time to time, and the SRM 
Regulation; and 
(iv) 
are calculated on the basis of the amount of liabilities deducted from the liability elements that 
belong to Tier 1 and additional own funds and the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and subject to an adjustment in accordance with the risk profile of the participating 
institution, considering its solvability situation. 
In accordance to SRM Regulation, the use of the SRF shall be contingent upon the entry into force of 
an agreement among the participating Member States on transferring the funds raised at national level 
towards the SRF as well as on a progressive merger of the different funds raised at national level to be 
allocated to national compartments of the SRF.  This Regulation is applicable since 1 January 2016.  As 
such, the SRF does not cover ongoing situations with the Resolution Fund as at 31 December 2015.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
In 2015, following the establishment of the SRF, the Group made an initial EUR 31.4 million 
contribution.  In accordance with the Intergovernmental Agreement, this amount was not transferred to 
the SRF but was used instead to partially cover the disbursements made by the Resolution Fund for 
resolution measures applied prior to the date of application of this Intergovernmental Agreement.  
Consequently, an equivalent amount will have to be transferred over a period of 8 years (starting in 
2016) through periodic contributions to the SRF. 
The Portuguese Resolution Fund 
This fund consists of a resolution fund whose primary purpose has been to provide financial support for 
the application of resolution measures as determined by Banco de Portugal ("Resolution Fund").  The 
Resolution Fund foresees the participation of: 
(i) 
credit institutions with a head office in Portugal, including the Bank; 
(ii) 
branches of credit institutions in states that do not belong to the EU; 
(iii) 
relevant companies for the management of payment systems subject to supervision of Banco 
de Portugal; and 
(iv) 
certain types of investment companies. 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February 2012, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced, 
on terms subsequently amended by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, the creation of the privileges 
accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits under the Deposit Guarantee Fund (the 
"DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, by the Integrated Mutual Agricultural Scheme (which, 
in Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual Agricultural Bank (Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútua) and its associated banks) or by the Resolution Fund, arising from the potential financial support 
that these institutions might give in the context of the implementation of resolution measures, within 
the limits of the applicable laws. 
The regime established in Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 February establishes that Banco de Portugal 
has the authority to determine, by way of instruction (“instrução”), the applicable yearly rate based on 
objective incidence of periodic contributions.  The instruction of the Banco de Portugal no. 32/2020, 
published on 18 December 2020, set the base rate for 2021 for the determination of periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund by 0.06%,unchanged from the rate in force in 2020. 
Increases in the base rate in future years may reduce the Bank's profitability.  The contribution of the 
Bank to the Resolution Fund was EUR 15.1 million in 2020, EUR 16.0 million in 2019, EUR 12.1 
million in 2018, EUR 8.5 million in 2017 and EUR 5.7 million in 2016.  The ex-ante contributions for 
the Resolution Fund are calculated in the same way as the abovementioned SRF contributions are 
calculated. 
According to Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, and without prejudice to the ex-
ante and ex-post contributions regulated by the regime, further ex-ante and ex-post contributions can be 
charged for the Resolution Fund in accordance with the regime of Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 
February 2013, if these contributions are intended to enable the compliance with the obligations 
undertaken or to be undertaken by the Resolution Fund by virtue of having financially supported 
resolution measures until 31 December 2014. 
Application of resolution measures to Novo Banco 
On 3 August 2014, with the purpose of safeguarding the stability of the financial system, Banco de 
Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (“BES”) in accordance with Article

--- Page 193 ---
193 
145-C (1.b) of the Banking Law, which entailed, inter alia, the partial transfer of assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management into a transition bank, Novo Banco, S.A. (“Novo 
Banco”), incorporated on that date by a decision issued by Banco de Portugal.  Within the scope of this 
process, the Resolution Fund made a capital contribution to Novo Banco amounting to EUR 4,900 
million, becoming, on that date, the sole shareholder. 
Further, the Resolution Fund borrowed EUR 4,600 million, of which EUR 3,900 million were granted 
by the State and EUR 700 million by a group of credit institutions, including the Bank. 
As announced on 29 December 2015, Banco de Portugal transferred to the Resolution Fund the 
liabilities emerging from the "eventual negative effects of future decisions regarding the resolution 
process that may result in liabilities or contingencies". 
On 7 July 2016, the Resolution Fund declared that it would analyse and evaluate the diligences to be 
taken, following the publication of the report on the result of the independent evaluation, made to 
estimate the level of credit recovery for each category of creditors under a hypothetical scenario of a 
normal insolvency process of BES on 3 August 2014. 
In accordance with applicable law, when the BES liquidation process is over, if it is verified that the 
creditors, whose credits were not transferred to Novo Banco, would take on a higher loss than the one 
they would hypothetically take if BES had gone into liquidation right before the application of the 
resolution measure, such creditors shall be entitled to receive the difference from the Resolution Fund. 
On 31 May 2019, the Liquidation Committee of BES presented lists of all the acknowledged and non-
acknowledged creditors before the court and the subsequent terms of the proceedings.  These lists detail 
that the total of the acknowledged credits (including capital, remunerative and default interest) amount 
to EUR 5,056,814,588, of which EUR 2,221,549,499 are common credits and EUR 2,835,265,089 are 
subordinated claims, and no guaranteed or privileged claims exist.  Both the total number of 
acknowledged creditors and the total value of the acknowledged credits and their ranking will only be 
ultimately determined upon the definitive judicial judgment of the verification and ranking of credits to 
be given in the liquidation proceedings. 
Following the resolution measure of BES, a significant number of lawsuits against the Resolution Fund 
was filed and is underway.  According to note 20 of the Resolution Fund's annual report of 2019, “[l]egal 
actions related to the application of resolution measures have no legal precedents, which makes it 
impossible to use case law in its evaluation, as well as to obtain a reliable estimate of the associated 
contingent financial impact.  […].  The Board of Directors, supported by legal advice of the attorneys 
for Novo Banco in these cases, and in light of the legal and procedural information available so far, 
considers that there is no evidence to cast doubt on their belief that the probability of success is higher 
than the probability of failure". 
On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the sale of Novo Banco, where it states the 
following: "Banco de Portugal today selected Lone Star to complete the sale of Novo Banco.  The 
Resolution Fund has consequently signed the contractual documents of the transaction.  Under the terms 
of the agreement, Lone Star will inject a total of EUR 1,000 million in Novo Banco, of which EUR 750 
million at completion and EUR 250 million within a period of up to 3 years.  Through the capital 
injection, Lone Star will hold 75% of the share capital of Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund will 
maintain 25% of the share capital". 
The terms agreed also included a Contingent Capitalization Agreement (“CCA”), under which the 
Resolution Fund, as a shareholder, undertakes to make capital injections if certain cumulative 
conditions are met related to the performance of a specific portfolio of assets and to the capital ratios of 
Novo Banco going forward.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
If these conditions are met, the Resolution Fund may be called upon to make a payment to Novo Banco 
for the lesser of the accumulated losses in the covered assets and the amount necessary to restore the 
capital ratios at the agreed levels.  Any capital injections to be carried out pursuant to this contingent 
mechanism are limited to an absolute cap.  The terms agreed also provide for mechanisms to safeguard 
the interests of the Resolution Fund, to align incentives as well as monitoring mechanisms, 
notwithstanding the limitations arising from State Aid rules. 
On 18 October 2017, following the resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 151-A/2017 of 2 October 
2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the conclusion of the sale of Novo Banco to Lone Star, with 
an injection by the new shareholder of EUR 750 million, followed by a further capital increase of EUR 
250 million by the end of 2017.  Upon completion of the transaction, the status of Novo Banco as a 
bridge institution ceased, fully complying with the purposes of the resolution of BES. 
On 26 February 2018, the European Commission published the non-confidential version of its decision 
regarding the approval of State aid underlying Novo Banco's sale process.  This statement identifies the 
three support measures by the Resolution Fund and the State that are part of the sale agreement 
associated with a total gross book value of around EUR [10-20] billion13 that revealed significant 
uncertainties regarding adequacy in provisioning 14: 
(i) 
CCA which allows Lone Star to claim, from the Resolution Fund, funding costs, realised losses 
and provisions related to an ex-ante agreed portfolio of existing loan stock, up to a maximum 
of EUR 3.89 billion, subject to a capital ratio trigger (CET1 below 8%-13%) as well as to some 
additional conditions151617; 
(ii) 
underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to 
the amount necessary (but no more than EUR 400 million).  The amount that can be reclaimed 
by the Resolution Fund under the CCA is subject to the cap of EUR 3.89 billion18; 
(iii) 
in case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") total capital ratio of Novo 
Banco falls below the SREP total capital requirement, the State will provide additional capital 
in certain conditions and through different instruments19. 
According to the 2018 Resolution Fund's annual report, the Resolution Fund and Novo Banco have 
agreed that a Verification Agent - an independent entity which is essentially responsible for clarifying 
any differences that may exist between Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund regarding the set of 
calculations inherent to the CCA or regarding the practical application of the principles stipulated in the 
contract - is in charge of confirming that the perimeter of the mechanism is correct and that the balance 
sheet values of Novo Banco are being correctly reflected in the mechanism, as well as verifying the 
underlying set of calculations, namely by confirming the correct calculation of losses and the reference 
value of the assets. According to the 2019 Resolution Fund’s annual report, the work carried out by the 
Verification Agent continues to be followed. 
In its 2019 annual report, the Resolution Fund states that "[r]egarding future periods, a significant 
uncertainty as to the relevant parameters for the calculation of future liabilities is deemed to exist, either 
for their increase or reduction, under the terms of the CCA". 
                                                     
13  Exact value not disclosed by the European Commission for confidentiality reasons 
14  As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision 
15  Exact value not disclosed by the European Commission for confidentiality reasons 
16  As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision 
17 According to 2018 Novo Banco’s earnings institutional presentation, the “minimum capital condition” is (i) CET1 or Tier 1 
< CET1 or Tier 1 SREP requirement plus a buffer for the first three years (2017-2019); (ii) CET1 < 12% 
18  As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision 
19  As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision

--- Page 195 ---
195 
The Resolution Fund disclosed on 17 June 2019 a set of clarifications related to the payment due in 
2019 under the CCA with Novo Banco, namely: 
(i) 
for payments from the Resolution Fund to be made (limited to a maximum of EUR 3,890 
million over the lifetime of the mechanism), losses on the assets under the contingent 
mechanism should be incurred and the capital ratios of Novo Banco should stand below the 
agreed reference thresholds; 
(ii) 
the payment to be made by the Resolution Fund corresponds to the lower of the accumulated 
losses on the assets covered and the amount necessary to restore the capital ratios above the 
minimum reference threshold; 
(iii) 
the reference capital ratios are, in 2017, 2018 and 2019, linked to the regulatory requirements 
applicable to Novo Banco (CET1 ratio of 11.25% and Tier 1 ratio of 12.75%), but, as from 
2020, the reference ratio will correspond to a CET1 ratio of 12%; 
(iv) 
the initial reference value of the portfolio comprising the CCA was, as of 30 June 2016, EUR 
7,838 million (book value of the associated assets, net of impairments). 
According to a notice issued by the Resolution Fund on 4 June 2020, the payment made by the 
Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in May 2020 of EUR 1,035 million resulted from the execution of the 
2017 agreements, under the process of the sale of the 75% stake of the Resolution Fund in Novo Banco, 
which complies with all the procedures and limits defined therein. In the same notice, the Resolution 
Fund also clarifies that the “Resolution Fund and Novo Banco have initiated an arbitration procedure 
to clarify the treatment that should be given, under the CCA, of the effects of Novo Banco’s decision 
to waive the transitional regime it currently benefits from and which aims to reduce the impact of the 
introduction of IFRS 9 on credit institutions' own funds. This issue falls within the scope of the 
implementation of the CCA, which sets the maximum amount of payments to be made by the Resolution 
Fund at 3,890 million euros. Thus, even if the arbitration procedure were to have an unfavourable 
outcome for the Resolution Fund's claims, its effects would fall under the maximum limit of 3,890 
million euros in accordance with the CCA. The abovementioned arbitral proceedings therefore do not 
represent an additional risk compared to the ceiling of 3,890 million euros”.  
In a separate notice dated 16 June 2020, the Resolution Fund clarifies that “the Resolution Fund has 
also provided the Budget and Finance Committee, in writing, of all the clarifications on its decision to 
deduct from the amount calculated under the CCA, the amount related to the variable remuneration 
attributed to the members of the Executive Board of Directors of Novo Banco”. 
According to a statement by the Resolution Fund on 3 September 2020, following the payment made 
in May 2019 by the Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in compliance with the CCA, a special audit 
determined by the Government was carried out. Information was presented by the independent entity 
that carried out the special audit showing that Novo Banco has been operating with a strong influence 
of the vast legacy of non-productive assets, originated in BES, which resulted in impairment charges 
and provisions but have also contributed to render Novo Banco’s internal procedures more robust. 
Regarding the exercise of the powers of the Resolution Fund under the CCA, the audit results reflect 
the adequacy of the principles and the adopted criteria. 
On 26 March 2021, the Resolution Fund issued a notice in relation to Novo Banco’s 2020 earnings 
report, under which Novo Banco announced that it will be resorting to the contingent capital mechanism 
under the CCA. Novo Banco’s request with respect to the payment under the CCA will amount to up 
to EUR 598 million. Under the CCA, procedures to verify the amount set out by Novo Banco will now 
be performed. Further, it is yet to be determined whether the impact on Novo Banco’s accounts will be 
covered by the contingent capital mechanism. Such matters represent an amount which is greater than

--- Page 196 ---
196 
EUR 160 million. The CCA also sets out that the payment owed by the Resolution Fund shall be paid 
during the month of May, once the applicable procedures and requirements have been satisfied.  
Furthermore, on 1 April 2021, the Resolution Fund announced that it has received the special audit 
report, which occurs following the audit concluded in August 2020. The Resolution Fund states that 
this report evidences, with reference to 31 December 2019, the amounts paid by the Resolution Fund 
were EUR 640 million lower than the losses registered in the assets comprised in the CCA and that it 
will, with Banco de Portugal, analyse the results of the audit to extract the relevant conclusions. 
In November 2020, Novo Banco was held by Lone Star and the Resolution Fund, corresponding, 
respectively, to 75% and 25% of the share capital.20 
Novo Banco adhered to the Special Regime applicable to Deferred Tax Assets under Law No. 61/2014, 
of 26 August, having had the confirmation of the conversion of the deferred tax assets into tax credits 
by the Tax and Customs Authority for the tax period of 2015 and 2016 in exchange for conversion 
rights attributed to the State. If the Resolution Fund does not exercise its right to acquire the conversion 
rights attributed to the State, which expires in 2022, the State may become Novo Banco’s shareholder 
up to a stake of 2.71% of Novo Banco’s share capital, while diluting the Resolution Fund’s shareholder 
position. According to the Resolution Fund’s 2019 annual report, under the terms of the Sale and 
Subscription Agreement of 75% of the share capital of Novo Banco with Lone Star on 17 October 2017, 
the effect of the dilution associated with the Special Regime applicable to deferred tax assets shall 
exclusively affect the Resolution Fund’s stake. It is estimated, according to note 21 of the Resolution 
Fund’s 2019 annual report, although subject to certain assumptions, that the potential dilution resulting 
from the processes in progress for the conversion of deferred tax assets into tax credits with reference 
to 2017 and 2018 may correspond to circa 7.6 percentage points. These effects may impact the 
shareholder position of the Resolution Fund in Novo Banco. 
Resolution measure of Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
On 19 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal announced that Banif was " failing 
or likely to fail" and started an urgent resolution process of the institution through the partial or total 
sale of its activity, which was completed on 20 December 2015 through the sale to Banco Santander 
Totta S.A. (“BST”) of the rights and obligations of Banif, formed by the assets, liabilities, off-balance 
sheet items and assets under management. 
The largest portion of the assets that were not sold, were transferred to an asset management vehicle 
denominated Oitante, S.A. (“Oitante”) specifically created for that purpose, having the Resolution 
Fund as the sole shareholder.  For that matter, Oitante issued bonds representing debt in the amount of 
EUR 746 million.  The Resolution Fund provided a guarantee and the Portuguese State a counter-
guarantee.  The operation also involved State aid, of which EUR 489 million were provided by the 
Resolution Fund, which was funded by a loan granted by the State. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2019 annual report, note 21, "to ensure that the Fund has, at 
maturity, the financial resources necessary to comply with this guarantee, if the principal debtor – 
Oitante - defaults, the Portuguese State counter-guarantees the referred bond issue.  Until 31 December 
2019, Oitante made partial early repayments of EUR 546,461 thousand, which reduces the amount of 
the guarantee provided by the Resolution Fund to EUR 199,539 thousand.  Considering the early 
repayments, as well as information provided by Oitante's Board of Directors regarding 2019 exercise, 
there are no relevant situations that could trigger the guarantee provided by the Resolution Fund".  Also, 
according to the 2019 Resolution Fund’s annual report, “at the date of approval of this report, the debt 
repaid since it was incurred is above 73%". 
                                                     
20  In Novo Banco’s earnings presentation on 13 November 2020, the Resolution Fund holds 25% of Novo Banco’s capital 
while the remaining is held by Lone Star

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Also, according to this source, "the outstanding debt related to the amount made available by the State 
to finance the absorption of Banif's losses, following the resolution measure applied by Banco de 
Portugal to that entity [amounts to] EUR 352,880 thousand".  This partial early repayment of EUR 136 
million corresponds to the revenue of the contribution collected, until 31 December 2015, from the 
institutions covered by the Regulation of the Single Resolution Mechanism which was not transferred 
to the Single Resolution Fund and which will be paid to the Single Resolution Fund by the credit 
institutions that are covered by this scheme over a period of 8 years starting in 2016 (according to note 
4 of the Resolution Fund's 2016 annual report). 
On 12 January 2021, Banco de Portugal was informed that the Administrative and Fiscal Court of 
Funchal dismissed a law suit involving several disputes related to Banif’s resolution measures applied 
by Banco de Portugal. In its decision, the Court determined the legality and maintenance of Banco de 
Portugal’s measures. 
Liabilities and financing of the Resolution Fund 
Pursuant to the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif the Resolution Fund incurred loans and 
assumed other responsibilities and contingent liabilities resulting from: 
– 
The State loans, on 31 December 2019 included the amounts made available (i) in 2014 for the 
financing of the resolution measure applied to BES (EUR 3,900 million); (ii) to finance the 
absorption of Banif's losses (EUR 353 million); (iii) under the framework agreement concluded 
with the State in October 2017 for the financing of the measures under the CCA (EUR 430 
million plus EUR 850 million of additional funding requested in 2019, as described above); 
– 
Other funding granted in 2014 by the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund in the 
amount of EUR 700 million, in which the Bank participates, within the scope of BES resolution 
measure; 
– 
Underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to 
the amount of EUR 400 million.  This underwriting did not take place as the instruments were 
placed with third party investors as disclosed by Novo Banco on 29 July 2018; 
– 
Effects of the application of the principle that no creditor of the credit institution under 
resolution may assume a loss greater than the one it would take if that institution did not go into 
liquidation; 
– 
Negative effects resulting from the resolution process that result in additional liabilities or 
contingencies for Novo Banco, S.A., which must be neutralized by the Resolution Fund; 
– 
Legal proceedings filed against the Resolution Fund; 
– 
Guarantee granted to secure the bonds issued by Oitante.  This guarantee is counter-guaranteed 
by the Portuguese State; 
– 
CCA which allows Lone Star to claim, from the Resolution Fund, funding costs, realised losses 
and provisions related to the aforementioned ex-ante portfolio of existing loan stock agreed 
upon the sale process to Lone Star up to EUR 3.89 billion under the aforementioned conditions, 
among which a reduction of Novo Banco’s CET1 below 8%-13%; 
– 
In case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) total capital ratio of Novo 
Banco falls below the SREP total capital requirement, the State will provide additional capital 
in certain conditions and through different instruments as referred to in the respective European 
Commission Decision.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
According to note 21 of the Resolution Fund's 2019 annual report, the Resolution Fund considers that, 
to date, there are no elements that allow for a reliable estimate of the potential financial effect of these 
potential liabilities. 
By a public statement on 28 September 2016, the Resolution Fund and the Ministry of Finance 
communicated the agreement based on a review of the terms of the EUR 3,900 million loan originally 
granted by the State to the Resolution Fund in August 2014 to finance the resolution measure applied 
to BES.  According to the Resolution Fund, the extension of the maturity of the loan was intended to 
ensure the ability of the Resolution Fund to meet its obligations through its regular revenues, regardless 
of the contingencies to which the Resolution Fund is exposed.  On the same day, the Office of the 
Minister of Finance also announced that increases in the liabilities arising from the materialization of 
future contingencies will determine the maturity adjustment of State and bank loans to the Resolution 
Fund, in order to maintain the contributory effort required from the banking sector at prevailing levels 
at that time. 
According to the statement of the Resolution Fund of 21 March 2017,"[t]he conditions of the loans 
obtained from the Fund to finance the resolution measures applied to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. and to 
Banif– Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. were changed.  These loans amount to EUR 4,953 million, 
of which EUR 4,253 million were granted by the Portuguese State and EUR 700 million were granted 
by a group of banks. 
Those loans are now due in December 2046, without prejudice to the possibility of early repayment 
based on the use of the Resolution Fund's revenues.  The revision of the loans' terms aimed to ensure 
the sustainability and financial balance of the Resolution Fund.  
The new terms allow the Resolution Fund to fully meet its liabilities based on regular revenues and 
without the need for special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions." 
On 2 October 2017, by Resolution no. 151-A/2017 of the Council of Ministers, the Portuguese State, 
as the ultimate guarantor of financial stability, was authorised to enter into a framework agreement with 
the Resolution Fund, to make available the necessary financial resources to the Resolution Fund, if and 
when the State deemed necessary, to satisfy any contractual obligations that may arise from the sale of 
the 75% stake in Novo Banco.  The abovementioned Resolution further set out that the framework 
agreement should be subject to a time period that is consistent with the undertakings of the Resolution 
Fund and should also preserve the Resolution Fund’s capacity of timely satisfying said obligations. 
On 31 December 2019, the Resolution Fund's own resources had a negative equity of EUR 7,021 
million, as opposed to EUR 6,114 million at the end of 2018, according to the latest 2019 annual report 
of the Resolution Fund. 
To repay the loans obtained and to meet other liabilities that it may take on, the Resolution Fund receives 
proceeds from the initial and regular contributions from the participating institutions (including the 
Bank) and from the contribution over the banking sector (created under Law no. 55-A/2010).  It is also 
provided for the possibility of the member of the Government responsible for the area of Finance to 
determine, by ordinance that the participating institutions make special contributions, in the situations 
provided for in the applicable legislation, particularly if the Resolution Fund does not have resources to 
satisfy its obligations. 
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February, which establishes the method for determining the 
initial, periodic and special contributions to the Resolution Fund, provided for in the RGICSF, the Bank 
has been paying, since 2013, its mandatory contributions, as set out in the aforementioned decree-law. 
On 3 November 2015, Banco de Portugal issued Circular Letter no. 085/2015/DES under which it is 
clarified that the periodic contribution to the Resolution Fund should be recognised as an expense at the

--- Page 199 ---
199 
time of the occurrence of the event which creates the obligation to pay the contribution, i.e. on the last 
day of April of each year, as stipulated in Article 9 of Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, thus 
the Bank is recognising as an expense the contribution to the Resolution Fund in the year in which it 
becomes due. 
The Resolution Fund issued, on 15 November 2015, a public statement declaring: "[...] it is further 
clarified that it is not expected that the Resolution Fund will propose the setting up of a special 
contribution to finance the resolution measure applied to BES.  Therefore, the potential collection of a 
special contribution appears to be unlikely". 
Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February further sets out that Banco de Portugal has the authority to 
determine, by way of instruction (“instrução”), the applicable yearly rate on objective incidence of 
periodic contributions.  The instruction of Banco de Portugal no. 32/2020, published on 18 December 
2020, set the base rate for 2021 for the determination of periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund 
by 0.06%, unchanged from the rate in force in 2020. 
During 2020, the Group made regular contributions to the Resolution Fund in the amount of 
EUR 15,138 thousand.  The amount related to the contribution on the banking sector, registered during 
the financial year of 2020, was EUR 35,416 thousand.  These contributions were recognized as a cost 
in the financial year of 2020, in accordance with IFRIC no. 21 – Levies. 
In 2015, following the establishment of the Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”), the Group made an initial 
contribution in the amount of EUR 31,364 thousand.  In accordance with the Intergovernmental 
Agreement on the Transfer and Mutualisation of Contributions to the SRF, this amount was not 
transferred to the SRF but was used instead to partially cover for the disbursements made by the RF in 
respect of resolution measures prior to the date of application of this Agreement.  This amount will have 
to be reinstated over a period of 8 years (started in 2016) through the periodic contributions to the SRF.  
The total amount of the contribution attributable to the Group in the financial year of 2020 was 
EUR 22,808 thousand, of which the Group delivered EUR 19,394 thousand and the remaining was 
constituted as irrevocable payment commitment.  The Single Resolution Fund does not cover 
undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as at 31 December 2015. 
It is not possible, on this date, to assess the effects on the Resolution Fund due to: (i) the sale of the 
shareholding in Novo Banco in accordance with the communication of Banco de Portugal dated 18 
October 2017 and the information provided by the European Commission on this subject under the 
terms described above, including the effects of the application of the CCA and the Special Regime 
applicable to Deferred Tax Assets; (ii) the application of the principle that no creditor of the credit 
institution under resolution may take on a loss greater than the one it would take if that institution did 
not go into liquidation; (iii) additional liabilities or contingencies for Novo Banco which need to be 
neutralized by the Resolution Fund; (iv) legal proceedings against the Resolution Fund, including 
"processo dos lesados do BES"; and (v) the guarantee provided to secure the bonds issued by Oitante 
(in this case, the referred trigger is not expectable in accordance to the most recent information 
communicated by the Resolution Fund in its annual accounts). 
According to Article 5 (e) of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial Order 
no. 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the member of the Government 
responsible for finance a proposal with respect to the determination of amounts, time limits, payment 
methods, and any other terms related to the special contributions to be made by the institutions 
participating in the Resolution Fund.  According to public communications from both the Resolution 
Fund and from the Government, there is no indication that any such special contributions are foreseen. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2019 annual report, under note 8, "the Resolution Fund is not 
obliged to present positive equity.  In case of insufficient resources, the Resolution Fund may receive 
special contributions, as determined by the member of the Government responsible for finance, in

--- Page 200 ---
200 
accordance with article 153-I of the Banking Law, although no such contributions are expected, in 
particular after review of the financing conditions of the Resolution Fund". 
The State Budget for 2021 does not include any loan to the Resolution Fund, contrary to previous years. 
The press reported, circa October 2020, that (i) the Resolution Fund and banks are negotiating a 
syndicated loan, led by CGD, of EUR 275 million, the conditions of which will be identical to the 
financing already in place for the Resolution Fund, and, (ii) the Government maintains the commitments 
assumed under the Novo Banco sale agreement, but without materializing the means for that purpose. 
The press also states that a loan to the Resolution Fund might still be granted despite not having been 
included in the State Budget for 2021. 
Any developments on this matter may have relevant implications in future financial statements of the 
Group. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and its duration and effects create an additional context of uncertainty with 
respect to its impacts, in accordance with the opinion of Novo Banco’s external auditor, as per Novo 
Banco’s financial accounts report for the first semester of 2020 and the opinion of the audit board of 
Banco de Portugal as per 2019 Resolution Fund’s annual report. 
On 9 September 2020, BCP informed that it has decided not to continue with the legal proceeding before 
the General Court of the European Union with a view to partially annul the European Commission’s 
decision regarding its approval of the CCA. 
Any developments on this matter may have relevant implications in future financial statements of the 
Group. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and heightened uncertainty about the magnitude and duration of the outbreak 
create an additional context of uncertainty with respect to its impacts. 
The European Deposit Guarantee System 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2014/49/EU on DGS 
("DGS Directive").  The Directive encompasses the harmonisation of the funding mechanisms of DGS, 
the introduction of risk-based contributions and the harmonisation of the scope of products and 
depositors covered.  In accordance with the DGS Directive, each credit institution should be part of a 
DGS recognised under this Directive, thereby ensuring a high level of consumer protection and a level 
playing field between credit institutions, while also preventing regulatory arbitrage.  The DGS Directive 
sets the harmonised coverage level at EUR 100,000 and retains the principle of a harmonised limit per 
depositor rather than per deposit (such limit to be applied, in principle, to each identifiable depositor, 
except for collective investment undertakings subject to special protection rules).  Each institution's 
contribution to DGS will be based on the amount of covered deposits and the degree of risk incurred by 
the respective member.  The DGS Directive was transposed into the Portuguese law by Law No. 23-
A/2015, of 26 March. 
According to the BRRD, and consequently the Banking Law, with the amendments introduced by Law 
No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, banks must ensure that by 3 July 2024 the financial resources available 
to a DGS amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources are reduced to less 
than two thirds of the target level, the ex-ante contributions are set by Banco de Portugal at a level that 
allows the target level to be reached within six years.  If the available financial resources are not 
sufficient to reimburse the depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must 
pay ex-post contributions not exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of

--- Page 201 ---
201 
the DGF.  In exceptional circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the 
approval of Banco de Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised.  This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking 
irrevocable payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has 
not been paid in cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets 
unencumbered by any third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at DGF's 
request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of 
costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance 
with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits. 
Other financial service laws and regulations 
The Bank is still subject to other Directives and Regulations, among which: 
– 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as 
amended or superseded from time to time, transposed into the national legal framework by Law 
No. 35/2018, of 20 July, and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended or superseded from time to time, relating to markets 
in financial instruments, known as the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II ("MiFID 
II") and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"), respectively. 
– 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
November 2014, as amended or superseded from time to time, on key information documents 
for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, supplemented by Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the Commission, of 8 March 2017 ("PRIIPs"), as amended 
or superseded from time to time, applicable since 1 January 2018.  On 4 January 2018, the 
CMVM issued a "Circular" regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, outlining 
further applicable requirements and Law no. 35/2018, of 20 July introduced the legal 
framework for PRIIPs in Portugal. 
– 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012 ("EMIR"), as amended or superseded 
from time to time, that sets out procedures regarding OTC markets and derivatives, namely on 
clearing; 
– 
Rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing - Banco de Portugal is responsible for the preventive supervision of money laundering 
and terrorist financing ("ML/TF") in the financial sector.  Within the applicable legal 
framework, the following are paramount: (i) Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August, as amended or 
superseded from time to time, which transposes Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial 
system for the purposes of ML/TF, and sets forth preventive and repressive measures to combat 
ML/TF; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2015/847 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2015, as amended or superseded from time to time, on the information on payers and 
payees, accompanying transfers of funds, in any currency, for the purposes of preventing, 
detecting and investigating ML/TF; (iii) Law No. 97/2017, of 23 August, which governs the 
application and execution of the restrictive measures approved by the United Nations or by the 
European Union and sets forth the sanctions applicable to breaches of such measures and (iv) 
the regulatory notice ("Aviso") of Banco de Portugal No. 2/2018, of 26 September 2018, which 
governs enforcement conditions, procedures, instruments, mechanisms, enforcement measures,

--- Page 202 ---
202 
reporting obligations and other aspects necessary for ensuring compliance with obligations for 
the prevention of ML/TF. 
Prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality 
In 2013, the EBA issued a recommendation to Competent Authorities ("CAs") to perform asset quality 
reviews for banks, based on newly harmonised definitions of NPLs (complemented by EBA Report on 
the dynamics and drivers of non‐performing exposures in the European Union banking sector dated 22 
July 2016).  In 2014, CAs carried out comprehensive assessment and a stress test.  EBA's Implementing 
Technical Standards ("ITS") on forbearance and NPEs, issued under Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 9 January 2015, aim at implementing uniform definitions and reporting 
requirements for forbearance and NPEs.  The ECB has issued in March 2017 Guidance on SSM bank's 
on NPLs supplemented a year later by an addendum specifying ECB's expectations for prudent levels 
of provisions for new NPLs. 
In July 2017, the European Council concluded an Action Plan to achieve a sustainable reduction of 
NPEs in credit institutions' balance sheets.  On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance 
on management of non-performing and forborne exposures.  These guidelines specify sound risk 
management practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne exposures, 
including requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations of NPE workout 
framework, internal control framework and monitoring. 
The regulation amending the CRR to introduce common minimum coverage levels for potential losses 
stemming from newly originated loans that become nonperforming has been published in Official 
Journal on 17 April 2019 (Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) no 575/2013).  This regulation establishes a requirement for 
credit institutions to build their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred 
and expected losses on newly originated loans that become non-performing.  Where the minimum 
coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement 
should be deducted from a bank's own funds (CET1).  The new rules should not be applied in relation 
to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019.  A proposal for a directive on credit servicers, credit 
purchasers and recovery of collateral was also included in the comprehensive package of measures to 
be tackled by the European Commission.  The proposal strengthens the ability of secured creditors to 
recover value from secured loans to corporates and entrepreneurs.  The review by the Parliament and 
Council's Working Party is ongoing. 
All in all, the legal and regulatory framework regarding NPLs and NPEs creates an assortment of 
obligations for credit institutions and sets forth protection measures for bank customers, including, 
procedures for gathering information, contacting customers, monitoring the execution of loan 
agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of bank 
customers and present default correction proposals adapted to the debtor's situation; and drawing up a 
plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some 
cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Bank's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the debtor; (iii) assign its credits over the client; or 
(iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. 
Furthermore, as the macroprudential authority for Portugal, Banco de Portugal has approved a 
recommendation introducing limits to some of the criteria used in the assessment of customers' 
creditworthiness, covering the granting of new credit relating to residential immovable property, credit 
secured by a mortgage or equivalent guarantee, and consumer credit agreements, to be applied to 
agreements concluded as of 1 July 2018.  Measures of similar nature are also in place in Poland.  In 
September 2017, the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 4/2017 of Banco de Portugal, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2018, established procedures and criteria for banks for assessing customers’ financial 
capacity before granting mortgage loans.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
On 31 January 2020, Banco de Portugal announced the amendment to the macroprudential 
recommendation on new credit agreements for consumers: (i) the maximum maturity of new personal 
credit operations decreases from 10 to 7 years, with some exceptions (ii) up to 10% of the total amount 
of new credit granted by each institution may have a DSTI (debt service-to-income) of up to 60%, 
continuing to allow institutions to consider other important aspects for assessing the borrowers' 
creditworthiness that are risk mitigating factors.  The 5% exception to the DSTI ratio limits will be 
maintained. 
Following the COVID-19 pandemic, Banco de Portugal has relaxed some of the macroprudential 
measures for consumer credit.  Banco de Portugal has decided that personal credit with maturities of up 
to two years and duly identified as intended to mitigate households' temporary liquidity shortage 
situations will no longer have to comply with a DSTI ratio limit and is also exempted from observing 
the recommendation of regular principal and interest payments.  This measure applies to new personal 
credit granted from 1 April 2020 until September 2020, date on which Banco de Portugal will reassess 
the adequacy of this change. 
Relief measures regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans 
Under the Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, the Portuguese government approved a six-month 
moratorium on bank loan repayments for households and companies affected by the COVID-19 
outbreak.  The Portuguese Government also launched state-guaranteed credit lines for medium, small 
and micro enterprises in affected sectors which will be operated through the banking system. 
In this context, the ECB decided to temporarily exercise flexibility in the classification requirements 
and expectations on loss provisioning for NPL that are covered by public guarantees and COVID-19 
related public moratoria. 
In particular, and on a temporary basis, supervisors will exercise flexibility regarding: (i) the 
classification of debtors as “unlikely to pay” when banks call on public guarantees granted in the context 
of coronavirus and (ii) loans under COVID-19 related public moratoria. Furthermore, loans which 
become non-performing and are under public guarantees will benefit from preferential prudential 
treatment in terms of supervisory expectations about loss provisioning. Lastly, when discussing with 
banks the implementation of NPL reduction strategies, the extraordinary nature of current market 
conditions will be taken into account. 
In addition, excessive volatility of loan loss provisioning should be addressed to avoid excessive 
procyclicality of regulatory capital and published financial statements. Within its prudential remit, the 
ECB recommends that all banks avoid procyclical assumptions in their models to determine provisions 
and for banks to opt for the IFRS 9 transitional rules. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA issued guidelines (EBA/GL/2020/02) on public and private payment 
moratoria on loan repayments applied before 30 June 2020, aiming to clarify the following points in the 
context of the COVID-19 pandemic: (i) the criteria that payment moratoria have to fulfil not to trigger 
forbearance classification, (ii) the application of the prudential requirements in the context of these 
moratoria and (iii) ensuring the consistent treatment of such measures in the calculation of own funds 
requirements. 
In this context, these guidelines clarify that payment moratoria do not trigger classification as 
forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or 
on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit 
institutions.  In addition, the Guidelines recall that institutions must continue to adequately identify 
those situations where borrowers may face longer-term financial difficulties and classify exposures in 
accordance with the existing regulation.  The requirements for identification of forborne exposures and 
defaulted obligors remain in place.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
On 21 September 2020, the EBA announced it will phase out its Guidelines on legislative and 
nonlegislative payment moratoria in accordance with its end of September deadline. The regulatory 
treatment set out in the Guidelines will continue to apply to all payment holidays granted under eligible 
payment moratoria prior to 30 September 2020. 
On 29 September 2020, Decree-Law no. 78-A was published on COVID-19 Moratoria and Extension 
of loan terms, which establishes the new rules applicable to the public moratorium regime, which 
includes the extension of the public moratorium period for bank customers who already benefit from 
the support measures provided for in this regime. It also establishes that companies belonging to sectors 
of activity especially affected by the pandemic of COVID-19 benefit from an automatic extension of 
loan terms already covered by the moratorium. 
On 2 December 2020, the EBA reactivated its Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria 
and decided to introduce a new deadline for the application of moratoria of 31 March 2021, replacing 
the previous date of 30 September 2020. 
Insurance business 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") regulates the way insurance products are designed and sold both by insurance intermediaries 
and directly by insurance undertakings, namely in the cases of insurance products that have an 
investment element such as unit-linked life insurance contracts.  The Insurance Distribution Directive 
was transposed into national law by Law No. 7/2019, of 16 January, and entered into force in October 
2018.  Similar in nature provisions are also embedded in the PRIIPs Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014, as amended or 
superseded from time to time) and implementing national provisions which entered into force in 2018.  
At a different level, the Solvency II in force (as amended or superseded from time to time) and IFRS 
17, introduce additional requirements for insurance companies in terms of minimum capital 
requirements, supervisory review of firms' assessment of risk and enhanced disclosure requirements.  
All these may affect the insurance business and associated earnings.  Further regulatory developments 
are expected in the forthcoming years, such as the review of capital requirements, long term guarantees 
and macroprudential tools.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Management, Audit Committee and Statutory Auditor 
On 28 February 2012, the Bank adopted a one-tiered corporate governance model, with one Board of 
Directors within which there is an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Remunerations and 
Welfare Board and a Board for International Strategy, plus a Statutory Auditor. 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association of the Bank, the Board of Directors is composed of a minimum 
of 15 and a maximum of 19 members, elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. 
The General Meeting of Shareholders held on 30 May 2018 approved the election of the Board of 
Directors for the 2018/2021 term of office, including the Audit Committee. 
On 22 May 2019, the General Meeting of Shareholders ratified the co-optation of one director for the 
exercise of functions in the term-of-office ending in 2021, filling in a member vacancy in the Audit 
Committee. 
Currently, following persons exercise functions as members of the Board of Directors of BCP: 
 
Chairman: 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Vice-Chairmen: 
Jorge Manuel Baptista Magalhães Correia 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Members: 
Ana Paula Alcobia Gray 
 
Cidália Maria Mota Lopes 
 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma  
 
José Manuel Alves Elias da Costa 
 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Lingjiang Xu 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
 
Teófilo César Ferreira da Fonseca 
 
Wan Sin Long 
 
XiaoXu Gu 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Positions held outside the Group by the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors that are 
relevant to the Group: 
 
Name 
Position 
Company 
Nuno Manuel da Silva 
Amado 
 
 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board  
EDP-Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
(in representation of BCP) 
 
 
 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Auditors 
Fundação Bial

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Name 
Position 
Company 
 
Effective member of the Plenary Universidade de Lisboa 
 
Member of the Senior Board 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
Cidália Maria Mota 
Lopes 
Professor and Member of the 
Scientific Board 
Coimbra Business School - 
Instituto 
Superior 
de 
Contabilidade e Administração 
de Coimbra (ISCAC)  
 
Invited Professor at the Masters 
Degree 
in 
Accounting 
and 
Finance 
School of Economics of the 
University of Coimbra 
 
Member of the Scientific 
Board 
Portuguese Fiscal Association 
(AFP) 
 
 
 
Jorge Manuel Baptista 
Magalhães Correia 
 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A. 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors and member of the 
Corporate 
Governance 
Committee 
 
REN- 
Redes 
Eléctricas 
Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors  
Fidelidade 
Companhia 
de 
Seguros, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Longrun, SGPS, S.A. 
José Miguel Bensliman 
Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Director and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee 
Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, SGPS, S.A.  
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Chairman of the 
Audit Board 
Ocidental 
– 
Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, 
S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee 
Ageas – Sociedade Gestora de 
Fundos 
de 
Pensões, 
S.A. 
(formely 
denominated 
Ocidental -  Sociedade Gestora 
de Fundos de Pensões, S.A.) 
 
 
 
Lingjiang Xu 
Non-Executive Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Longrun Portugal, SGPS, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive member of the 
Board of Directors 
Fidelidade – Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive member of the 
Board of Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Name 
Position 
Company 
Miguel de Campos Pereira 
de Bragança 
Manager 
Quinta das Almoínhas Velhas-
Imobiliária Lda. 
 
 
 
 
Non-executive Director 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. and SIBS 
Forward Payment Solutions, 
S.A. (in representation of BCP) 
 
Non-executive Director 
Unicre- Instituição Financeira 
de 
Crédito, 
S.A. 
(in 
representation of BCP) 
 
Vice-Chairman of the General 
Board 
AEM 
– 
Associação 
de 
Empresas Emitentes de Valores 
Cotados em Mercado 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Banco Millennium Atlântico, 
S.A. 
 
Member of the Senior Board 
 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
INDEG/ISCTE 
Executive 
Education 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
 
BCSD Portugal – Conselho 
Empresarial 
para 
o 
Desenvolvimento Sustentável, 
(in representation of the Bank 
Rui Manuel da Silva 
Teixeira 
Member of the Remunerations 
Committee 
UNICRE 
– 
Instituição  
Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (in 
representation of BCP) 
 
Member of the Remunerations 
Committee 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A., and SIBS 
Forward Payment Solutions, 
S.A. (in representation of BCP)  
 
Chairman of the Board 
Porto Business School.  
 
 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors  
Recredit - Gestão de Activos, 
S.A. (Angola) 
XiaoXu Gu (Julia Gu) 
Executive Vice-Chairwoman 
Fosun 
High 
Technology 
(Group) Co., Ltd. 
 
Non-Executive Chairwoman 
Zhangxingbao 
(Shanghai) 
Network Technology Co., Ltd. 
(subsidiary of Fosun) 
 
Non-Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors 
MYBank 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Non-executive Director 
Non-executive Director 
Adviser  
Netinvoice, S.A. 
Euronext Lisbon

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Name 
Position 
Company 
Visiting Professor 
Comissão 
do 
Mercado 
de 
Capitais 
(CMC), 
Luanda, 
Angola  
Faculdade de Economia da 
Universidade do Porto 
Teófilo César Ferreira da 
Fonseca 
Advisor 
of 
the 
Strategic 
General-Board 
Chamber of Commerce for 
Small 
and 
Medium-sized 
companies Portugal-China (as 
from January 2021) 
Wan Sin Long 
Chairman of the Executive 
Board of Directors Member 
Great Win Consultancy Limited 
Trustee Committee of Wynn 
Care Foundation 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors 
of the Bank has any external activity relevant for the Bank other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Board of Directors, their 
professional domicile is at Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Parque das Tecnologias), Edifício 1, no. 32, Piso 
2, 2744-256 Porto Salvo. 
Executive Committee 
Under the terms of the law and of the Articles of Association of the Bank, the Board of Directors 
appointed an Executive Committee on 24 July 2018, composed of six of its members, which performs 
all the Bank's current management functions that are not to be exercised by the Board of Directors.  The 
members of the Executive Committee are as follows: 
Chairman: 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
First Vice-Chairman: 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Second Vice-Chairman: 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma 
Members: 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
Audit Committee 
Under the terms of the articles of association of the Bank, the Bank's supervision pertains to an Audit 
Committee elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders and composed of a minimum of three and 
a maximum of five members. 
The Audit Committee, created in accordance with the provisions of number 1 of Article 278 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code and in accordance with Article 39 of the articles of association of the 
Bank, is particularly responsible for (amid the remaining powers attributed to it by law): 
 Monitoring the Bank's management; 
 Verifying the compliance with the law and the articles of association; 
 Verifying the regularity of the books, accounting records and documents supporting them;

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 Verifying the accuracy of the financial statements; 
 Supervising the efficiency of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system; 
 Receiving the communications stating irregularities reported by shareholders, employees of the 
Bank or others; 
 Monitoring the preparation and disclosure of financial information; 
 Proposing to the General Meeting of Shareholders the election of the Chartered Accountant and 
of the External Auditor; 
 Supervising the audit of the annual report and financial statements of the Bank; 
 Verify the Statutory Auditor's independence, namely regarding the rendering of non-audit 
services; 
 Engaging the provision of services by experts to assist one or several of its members in the 
exercise of their functions.  This engagement and the remuneration of the experts must take into 
account the importance of the issues committed to them and the Bank's economic situation; and 
 Complying with all the other duties attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association. 
The Audit Committee is composed of the following members: 
Members: 
Cidália Maria Mota Lopes 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
Wan Sin Long 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Statements regarding the Members of Management and Supervision Bodies 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge and in its understanding, having made enquiries, there are no 
potential conflicts of interests between the duties of any member of the management and supervision 
bodies identified above towards the Issuer or towards any other Group company and his/her personal 
interests and duties.  There are non-executive members of the Board of Directors with functions in other 
financial institutions that can be considered competitors of the Bank.  For this situation, the General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 28 February 2012 resolved to authorise the presence of those members 
in the Board of Directors, which was also authorised in the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 
11 May 2015, and the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 30 May 2018, where the majority of 
the current members of the Board of Directors were elected, with the mention of the adoption of a 
restrictive regime of access to sensitive information. 
Statutory Auditor 
The current Statutory Auditor and External Auditor of the Bank, Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A., 
and alternatively Jorge Carlos Batalha Duarte Catulo, ROC No. 992, were elected at the General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 20 May 2020, for the three year term of office 2021/2023, by a majority 
of 99.92% of the votes cast. 
Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A was elected for the first time on 21 April of 2016 and reappointed 
for the two year period 2019/2020 and for the three year period 2021/2023. Therefore, it performs 
functions consecutively for 5 years.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above 
and their private interest or duties.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
THE PORTUGUESE MORTGAGE MARKET AND THE SERVICING OF THE COVER 
POOL   
PORTUGUESE MORTGAGE MARKET 
Since Portugal joined the EU in 1986, the country has steadily improved its living standards.  GDP per 
capita in purchasing power has increased from less than 60% of the EU average in 1986 to 79% in 
201921. 
The EU integration process during the 1990s provided a favourable environment of political and 
financial stability, which was conducive to a strong expansion of the mortgage business in Portugal.  
The "EU convergence momentum" has moderated significantly since 2001 leading to a prolonged 
period of gradual adjustment in the construction business and weak housing dynamics. 
The Portuguese economy has not been immune to the global recession in 2008-2009.  The abrupt change 
in global financial markets, mainly in relation to access to capital, coupled with high indebtedness 
levels, led the Portuguese government to request external assistance by mid-2011.  From May 2011 to 
May 2014 Portugal was under a specific economic and adjustment programme that has entailed a wide 
range set of structural reforms, which were expected to allow for stable public finances and stronger 
economic growth over the long term. 
Notwithstanding the longer-term positive effects expected to emanate from the PAEF and its 
conclusion22 in May 2014, the austerity coupled with adverse external and financial conditions 
significantly constrained the country's ability to grow in the 2011-2013 period.  Following these three 
consecutive years of recession, the Portuguese economy recovered, supported by the growth of exports 
and less depressed levels of domestic demand.  Between 2014 and 2019, the economic activity, 
measured by real GDP growth rate, grew near 13%23 in accumulated terms. 
However, this positive growth trend has undergone a sudden and marked deterioration in 2020 due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic, as the health crisis is having a severe impact on economic activity. Against 
this background, the outlook for the mortgage markets has somewhat worsened, amid prospects of rising 
unemployment and high levels of uncertainty around the pandemic itself and its macroeconomic fallout, 
which should weigh on households’ confidence levels. 
1. 
Long-term developments 
The Portuguese economy has recorded a decent performance over the past 35 years, driven by the 
process of EU integration – "cohesion" (1986-1993) and then "convergence" (1993-1998) – but had 
shown some difficulties in adjusting to the monetary union (1999 to 2013). 
During the first two phases, from the high levels of unemployment, inflation and public deficit recorded 
in the mid-1980s, Portugal managed to comply with the Maastricht criteria only ten years later.  The 
country's unemployment rate declined from 9% to 4%; inflation dropped from close to 30% in 1985 to 
2% in the late 1990s.  Over those years, real GDP growth averaged 3.5% per year.  The three-month 
Lisbon interbank offer rate moved from 10% in 1993 to about 3% by the end of the decade. 
The ongoing deregulation and liberalisation of the banking and financial markets led to growing 
competition among market participants.  Demand for residential property was strong.  The growth rate 
of credit granted to households rose quickly for most of the 1990s, topping 38% year-on-year in 1998. 
                                                     
21  Eurostat, March 2021. 
22  Statement by the EC, ECB and IMF on the Twelfth Review Mission to Portugal, 2 May 2014. 
23  Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
After 2000, the Portuguese economy convergence process stalled.  The loss of the exchange rate 
instrument, greater emphasis on productivity gains and flexible markets and increasing competition all 
resulted in the Portuguese economy facing great difficulties in the global marketplace.  At a domestic 
level, households' build-up of debt, uncertainty and fiscal policy constraints led to a downward 
adjustment of spending patterns.  In sharp contrast with the 90s' performance, real GDP growth 
averaged only 0.9% from 2000 to 2009 (comparing with 1.4% for the Eurozone average)24. 
Despite a more adverse economic climate and the end of public subsidies for housing loans after 2002, 
housing loans continued to grow for most of the decade.  More sophisticated scoring systems, judicious 
allocation of capital, strong home-ownership ratio and financial innovation contributed to easing 
households' financial burden and contain credit risks.  Credit delinquency remained rather low 
throughout the period. 
However, the degree of indebtedness across certain sectors of the economy, including households, 
continued to increase steadily.  These circumstances put the Portuguese economy in a rather vulnerable 
position for what was to happen in 2007/2008 as the subprime meltdown morphed into a full-blown 
global financial crisis.  This event severely restricted the access of Portuguese issuers to funding and 
unravelled a recession which, together with the eruption of the European sovereign debt crisis in 2010, 
provoked a jump in mortgage credit delinquency that greatly damaged the housing market.  New 
mortgage lending collapsed, foreclosures spiked, and house prices fell. 
The intensification of the European sovereign crisis put the Portuguese debt-driven growth model to an 
end.  Back in April 2011, the Portuguese government negotiated the PAEF with the IMF, the ECB and 
the European Commission envisioning a total of EUR 78 billion of institutional funding through 2014, 
conditional on Portugal achieving several goals in terms of consolidation of public finances, 
implementation of structural reforms and support to the financial system. 
In the short term, the structural reforms and readjustment of the productive structure had a negative 
impact on Portuguese economic activity, which contracted circa 7%, in accumulated terms, between 
2011 and 201325. 
However, as a result of the structural reforms and the fiscal consolidation, the economic situation 
eventually improved.  Since the last quarter of 2013, the year-on-year GDP growth rates turned positive, 
beginning a period of sustained recovery of economic activity, which was supported by growth of 
exports, alongside an improving trend in domestic demand.  Between 2017 and 201926 the recovery 
gained further depth, with GDP recording annual growth rates above 2.0%.  In line with the economy's 
recovery, the unemployment rate declined to 6.5% in 2019, after reaching a peak of 17.5% in the first 
quarter of 201327.  The consolidated value of the gross debt of the public administration declined from 
132.9% of GDP in 2014 to116.8% of GDP in 201928 and the government balance, which was -11.2% 
of GDP in 2010, recorded a surplus of 0.1% in 2019 for the first time in decades29.  The restructuring 
of balance sheets in both the public and private sectors, and growth in exports helped to reduce the 
external imbalance, leading to significant improvements in current and capital account balances. 
2. 
Current situation 
(a) 
The economy 
                                                     
24  Portugal's National Statistics Institute and Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
25  Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
26  Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
27  Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
28  Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
29  Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
In 2020, the Portuguese economic context has undergone a sudden and marked deterioration due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
The pandemic is inflicting high and rising human costs worldwide, and the necessary protection 
measures are severely impacting economic activity, as protecting lives and allowing health care systems 
to cope have required isolation and lockdowns to slow the spread of the virus. As a result, the global 
economy is projected to have contracted sharply - by 3.5% - in 2020, according to the IMF30. 
Against this background, the Portuguese economy recorded an unprecedented contraction of 7.6% 
stemming from the effects of the pandemic on activity, which turned out particularly harmful to exports 
amid the collapse of tourism activity, to private consumption and, in a lesser degree, to investment, 
which benefited from the resilience of the construction sector, helped by the cycle of EU-funded 
projects. The sharp decline in economic activity, however, had a limited impact on the labor market, 
owing to the support measures for families and corporates deployed both by national authorities and the 
European Union. The effort of supporting the household and corporate income by the government led 
to a substantial deterioration of the fiscal performance and, consequently, of the public debt ratio, which 
increased from 116.8% in 2019 to 133.6% in 202031. 
In 2021, the Bank of Portugal foresees that the Portuguese economy will return to positive growth rates 
(3,9%)32, supported by expectations of favourable global epidemiological developments and the 
expansionism of both the monetary and fiscal policies. 
However, there are high levels of uncertainty surrounding that scenario as the evolution of economic 
conditions remains vulnerable to the pandemic-related uncertainty, namely to risks associated with the 
intensity and efficacy of the containment efforts, more contagious variants of the coronavirus and the 
effectiveness of the vaccination process. 
Specific vulnerabilities of the Portuguese economy could compound the shock associated to the 
pandemic crisis. Specifically, (i) the importance of the tourism sector exposes the overall economy to 
the risks of a slow recovery in global demand for this type of service, which is highly dependent on 
herd immunity achievement; (ii) the still high levels of both corporate and households’ debt increase 
the risks of widespread defaults when public support measures are rolled back; and (iii)  the high level 
of Portuguese government debt could lead to relevant limitations on the ability of the Portuguese 
government to stimulate growth in response to a downturn as severe as the one likely to follow the 
current economic shock. 
Moreover, there are important domestic political risks as the 2019 parliamentary elections in Portugal 
have not conferred an absolute majority to the party that formed the government. Against this 
background, the current health and economic crisis could lead to political instability. 
On the external front, the risks relate mainly to (i) unforeseen political and legal obstacles to the 
implementation of policies enacted by the European Union to support the recovery of Europe’s 
economy, which could materially impact the speed and breadth of the return to economic normality; (ii) 
increasingly protectionist trade policies amid growing nationalism worldwide; (iii) and the uncertainty 
surrounding the transition to the new United Kingdom-European Union trading arrangements, which 
given the importance of the British market for Portuguese exports of goods and services could adversely 
affect the economic recovery. 
(b) 
The housing market 
                                                     
30 IMF, WEO, January 2021. 
31 Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
32 Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, 26 March 2021.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
The housing market was stricken hard by the 2011-13 Portuguese economic and financial crises as the 
demand for big tickets such as houses was sharply cut back in a context of high uncertainty, reduced 
income and a dearth of supply of mortgage financing.  However, in 2013 this depressing trend started 
to give way to a recovery that has since been gaining considerable traction, benefiting from the rebound 
in the overall economic activity, especially within the tourism sector, and a surge in the involvement of 
foreign investors in the residential real estate.  As a result, the number and value of transactions in the 
residential real estate market have soared and house prices have risen strongly and consistently in 2018 
and 2019(the annual growth rate was 10.3% and 9.6%33, respectively).  The evolution of the demand 
for new housing loans mirrored the trends of the overall housing market albeit with some lag as cash-
only transactions gained considerable prominence.  Residential permits issued and new dwellings 
completed, which had been declining since 2002, contributing to some rebalancing of the residential 
property market, have embarked on an upward trajectory since 2016.  Credit delinquencies decreased, 
reflecting a marked improvement in the unemployment rate and historical low EURIBOR rates, the 
main indexer in Portuguese housing loans, which have mitigated the impact of higher prices on house 
affordability, thereby contributing to maintain mortgage instalments at low values. 
In 2020, the Portuguese real estate market proved quite resilient against the pandemic shock. Despite 
the number of transactions’ drop of 5.3%34, due to the constraints resulting from the health measures, 
the amount of transactions in the residential real estate market increased by 2.4%35 and house prices 
rose by 8.4%.36 The resilience of the real estate sector benefited from a more solid financial situation 
of households compared to previous crises, an environment of low interest rates and economic policies 
aimed at supporting households’ income. However, risks that the economic shock stemming from the 
COVID-19 pandemic could have an important adverse impact on Portuguese real estate market prevail 
and relate mainly to the drop in tourism activity, along with the pervasive uncertainty regarding the 
timing and pace of the global economic recovery, which could dampen the interest of residents and non-
residents in Portuguese housing market, likely leading to a fall of housing demand and thereby to a 
devaluation of housing real estate. 
Moreover, the rising risk of default by Portuguese households, as unemployment increases, should put 
non-performing loans on a renewed upward trend. Even though the residential mortgage market credit 
delinquency sits below other credit segments, and has been moving downwards continuously (after 
peaking in June 201637), dropping including in 2020 to a historical minimum (0.6% of loans38), it could 
start to increase again in the coming years, notably 2021 onwards, as moratoria are phased out.   
Most of the mortgage lending is done at a variable interest rate, usually indexed to the average three-
month or six-month EURIBOR, with a one-month lag.  Although fixed-rate lending or capped-rate 
alternatives have been increasing, its share in the total outstanding mortgage book is still quite limited.  
The spread charged over the benchmark interest rate is a function of several factors: the individual's 
credit assessment; the loan-to-value level; the banking relationship; other collateral arrangements; and 
global market conditions.  The widespread use of contracts at variable interest rate makes households 
exposed to interest rate risk.  However, during the last crisis this feature eased the debt servicing burden.  
In the current crisis, the forceful action of the European Central Bank in providing monetary stimulus 
and liquidity facilities in order to reduce systemic stress should contribute to an environment of 
protracted low interest rates, which should avoid a further deterioration of the debt service capacity. 
Nevertheless, any additional tightening in global financial market conditions could lead to higher 
EURIBOR rates and thereby an increase of the households’ debt burden. 
                                                     
33 Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
34 Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
35 Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
36 Portugal's National Statistics Institute, March 2021. 
37  Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
38 Bank of Portugal, March 2021.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Prior to the previous crises, the ratio of mortgages outstanding by nominal GDP moved upwards 
consistently, from slightly less than 20% at the end of 1995 to a peak of about 65% by the end of 201239.  
Since then, however, the ratio has been falling and in 2020 it reached 47%40.The mortgage credit share 
in total lending to private individuals has grown over the years, standing currently near 80% of the total, 
at around EUR 95 billion (excluding securitised loans)41.  Portuguese households have been steadily 
reducing their indebtedness ratios.  In fact, household loans declined from almost 90% of disposable 
income in 2009 to 64% in 202042.  Moreover, considering the asset side, and according to Bank of 
Portugal's estimates, households' global financial situation is arguably resilient, as financial wealth (i.e. 
excluding real estate assets) is roughly three times higher than households' total financial debt. Against 
this background, despite the risks of a deterioration of the mortgage market, it is important to stress that 
households (and thus banks) are now in a much-improved condition to face a marked deterioration in 
the Portuguese real estate fundamentals. 
The residential mortgage legal framework has changed over the years, from a highly regulated market 
with few institutions qualified to grant mortgage loans, to a more liberal setting.  In 2002, subsidised 
mortgage schemes were discontinued, and the terms of the loan were liberalised.  By mid-2007, a cap 
on prepayment penalties, conditional on the type of interest rate index (variable or fixed), as well as 
specific rounding procedures for the interest rate charged were introduced.  Lenders must disclose a full 
set of the loan conditions when publicising product offers.  Since 2018, lenders are subject to 
comprehensive duties of information in respect of consumers – both borrowers and guarantors – and 
are required to reflect negative interest rates and the decline of the EURIBOR rate in loan 
documentation.  This set of rules enhances both competition and transparency in the marketplace. 
B. 
The Residential Mortgage business of the Bank 
In 1992, the Bank established, in association with Cariplo, an autonomous residential mortgage bank – 
Banco de Investimento Imobiliário S.A. ("BII").  Until December 2000, all residential mortgage loan 
business generated by Bank's branch network and by BII's own branches was booked at and 
administered by BII.  In December 2000, all residential mortgage loans granted by BII to clients of the 
Group were separated from BII's portfolio and migrated into the Bank's.  Since then, the Bank has 
granted mortgage loans to its clients directly. 
Origination 
The Bank's residential mortgages are originated at branch level as a result of direct contact by borrowers.  
Customers may also use digital channels (home banking, mobile App) in order to initiate a mortgage 
loan application process; however further steps will be conducted at branch level.  Until 2011, 
applications could also be submitted by real estate agents (which would nevertheless require customers 
to go to a branch to deliver the required information). 
Underwriting 
The Bank's residential mortgage loan applications data and prospective borrowers' and guarantors' 
details are introduced at branch level through an electronic front-end system application linked to an 
automatic decision-making support process and an electronic underwriting and pricing workflow. 
Appropriate behaviour or application probability of default ("PD") models (according to customer 
segment and risk portfolio) are embedded in the automatic decision-making support process and 
generate a credit risk rating assigned to the customer.  PD models are owned by Risk Office since June 
2019.  PD models performance is monitored by independent teams at Models Monitoring and 
                                                     
39  Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
40  Bank of Portugal and Statistics Portugal, March 2021. 
41  Bank of Portugal, March 2021. 
42  Bank of Portugal and Statistics Portugal, March 2021.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Validation Cabinet (Gabinete de Acompanhamento e Validação de Modelos).  Although rarely used, a 
rating override facility may be performed at the Rating Division (Direção de Rating). 
Income checking is based on income tax statements, proved income or salary paid in the customer's 
current account. Additional layers of risk assessment are considered in credit underwriting: filters 
(negative risk filters, product specifications, financial and real estate criteria), minimum down payment, 
loan-to-value ratio, risk assessment using PD models and debt service to income ratio or assessment of 
financial available capacity using customers' financial information at the Bank. 
Information available at the Bank of Portugal's credit bureau is checked automatically. 
The electronic workflow system where credit applications are automatically processed will define, 
according to the automatic decision-making support message and underwriting empowerment rules 
(defined in credit regulations), whether the underwriting decision will be made by credit officers at the 
branch or at the Credit Division (Direção de Crédito) and which commercial level will be establishing 
the pricing conditions. 
The branch credit committee is empowered to underwrite by automated models according to predefined 
credit rules and constraints, taking also into account the customer's probability of default. 
If the branch credit committee is not empowered to underwrite the credit risk, the loan application can 
be forwarded electronically to the Credit Division. 
At the Credit Division, additional enquiries may be made, notably on borrowers' and guarantors' (if any) 
delinquency records at the Bank, information on total borrowings and credit in arrears or in default at 
the Bank of Portugal's credit bureau, bank accounts information on the Bank's Customer Information 
System, bank account statements at other banks and additional information collected by the branch 
officers (e.g. other assets owned by the client). 
Underwriting decisions are sent electronically to the branch and, in the case of an "accept" decision, a 
real estate appraisal is automatically requested from a randomly selected independent appraiser.  The 
Credit Division's agreed service level is 48 hours. 
The issue of a formal letter of approval, loan agreement contract and loan disbursement occur only after 
confirmation of all data provided by the Contracting Area (Direção de Operações – Departamento 
Operacional de Crédito). 
Insurance Cover 
Life and property insurance coverage is required, although the former is waived in some exceptional 
cases.  While life insurance covers the amount of the loan, property insurance covers the replacement 
cost of a reconstruction of the property. 
Mortgage Products 
Under the laws of the Portuguese Republic, since 2 November 2002 the maturity of new residential 
mortgage loans is freely agreed among the parties. The maturity of mortgage loans originated in the 
Group cannot exceed 40 years. Since July 2018, Macroprudential Recommendations set a maximum 
term of 40 years for mortgage loans or equivalent, which must gradually converge to an average 
maturity of 30 years by the end of 2022.  Current average maturity is approximately 32 years. The 
majority of residential mortgage loans new production pay interest on a floating rate basis indexed to 
twelve-month EURIBOR, with a spread depending on the LTV ratio and customer risk grade. Most 
loans, once fully drawn up, must be repaid in monthly instalments, although different amortisation 
profiles or interest-only payment periods may have been agreed prior to July 2018. Since July 2018, the

--- Page 217 ---
217 
LTV ratio cannot exceed 90% if owner occupied homes (100% if bank's foreclosed properties and 
leasing housing deals) or 80% otherwise. 
In mid-March 2020, most risk criteria for new credit underwriting have been tightened up due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. From August 2020, there has been a phased-in easing of automated credit 
decision criteria. 
Arrears Procedures 
In Retail Network, delinquencies persisting for less than 60 days are dealt with directly at branch level 
(this may be extended to 90 days if the customer only has overdrafts in his current account).  Branch 
officials receive a daily report on arrears, on which they are expected to take appropriate action 
depending on their relationship with the borrower.  Seven days after the first day of arrears the bank 
initiates a remote communication plan with the borrowers, using SMS, CAT (self-service machines for 
BCP's customers) and the internet and all branches receive lists of these customers in their working 
lines (in the IT tool they use daily) in order to contact each of them.  More recently, the bank has 
invested on increasing its effectiveness with the remote communication collecting procedures, using 
statistic decision models in order to define the load, channel and periodicity of those remote collecting 
attempts. 
Once 60 days' overdue, loans are transferred to the retail recovery department.  Everyday a centralised 
strategy team runs a segmentation decision tree on the newcomers, defining which team will be 
responsible for the next recovery actions.  Customers can be segmented into 4 categories: Leasing (for 
customers with a leasing dominant exposure), SME's, individuals with collateralised loans and 
uncollateralised customers.  On that same day, newcomers in the retail recovery department are 
distributed to the teams that are responsible for managing each segment. 
When distributed, each team / recovery manager will apply the collections and recovery strategies that 
are defined for each segment.  That may include phone contacts, emails and SMS in order to collect or 
restructure the loans in debt or even meetings with customers (although not very frequent).  If these 
attempts are unsuccessful, the recovery manager will proceed to the judicial execution of the debt (if 
applicable), calling upon external lawyers. 
Throughout the whole recovery process, a set of letters following a sequential pattern is sent to the 
borrower and any guarantors in order to inform the debtors of their failure to pay and facilitate the 
recovery process by warning them about the next steps. 
The team that receives the customers for treatment and, usually, the same recovery manager, will be 
responsible for handling the recovery procedure until it ends, whether that happens with a recovery or 
with a write-off.  This means the customer is managed on an end-to-end approach when in the retail 
recovery department. 
Moratoria on loan repayments 
In March 2020, a legislative moratorium for owner occupied home mortgage loans was enacted, 
postponing reimbursement until 30 September 2020 (Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020). 
The legislative moratorium has since been extended until 31 March 2021 (Decree-Law No. 16/2020, of 
16 June 2020) and again until 30 September 2021 (Decree-Law No. 78-A/2020, of 29 September 2020). 
The Portuguese Bank Association enacted additional and complementary non-legislative moratorium 
for mortgage and consumer loans. BCP joined the non-legislative moratorium, postponing 
reimbursement of the majority of loans until 31 March 2021.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
EBA defined guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the 
light of the COVID-19 crisis (EBA/GL/2020/02, 2 April 2020, amended by EBA/GL/2020/08, 25 June 
2020, and EBA/GL/2020/15, 2 December 2020).

--- Page 219 ---
219 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in paragraph 4 (Reasons for the offer) of the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
THE COVERED BONDS LAW  
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into 
Portuguese law. 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by secondary legislation issued by the Bank of 
Portugal (the "Bank of Portugal Regulations"), which comprises both regulations ("Avisos") and 
instructions ("Instruções").  The Bank of Portugal Regulations address matters such as the segregation 
of cover pool assets from the insolvent estate of the issuer in the event of insolvency, the compliance 
with asset and liability matching requirements and the methodology for valuation of mortgages and 
properties. 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Mortgage covered bonds ("obrigações hipotecárias") may be issued by credit institutions (the 
"Institutions") legally authorised to grant credit guaranteed by mortgages over property and having 
own funds amounting to no less than EUR 7,500,000.  Institutions can either be universal credit 
institutions ("Credit Institutions") or special credit institutions incorporated under the Covered Bonds 
Law specialising in the issuance of covered bonds (the "Mortgage Credit Institutions"). 
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Credit Institution, there are no restrictions to its banking activities 
and it may issue covered bonds directly, maintaining the underlying cover pool on its balance sheet. 
If the issuer of covered bonds is a Mortgage Credit Institution, its authorised banking activity is 
restricted to granting, acquiring and selling (i) credits guaranteed by mortgages and (ii) credits to, or 
guaranteed by, the central public administration, regional or local authorities of any EU Member State.  
Mortgage Credit Institutions may thus issue covered bonds backed by credits originated by itself or 
otherwise acquired from third party originators. 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of an Institution, the cover pool over which the 
holders of covered bonds have a special creditor privilege will be segregated from the insolvent estate 
of such Institution and will form an autonomous pool of assets managed in favour and to the benefit of 
the holders of covered bonds and other preferred creditors as specified in the Covered Bonds Law.  In 
this respect, the Covered Bonds Law establishes a special regime which prevails over general 
Portuguese insolvency regulations. 
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of 
the insolvent Institution, the holders of covered bonds will also rank pari passu with unsecured creditors 
of the Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent Institution. 
COVER ASSETS 
The following assets are eligible to collateralise issues of covered bonds made by an Institution in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law: 
Pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any Additional Security which are not yet 
matured, and which are neither subject to conditions nor encumbered, judicially seized or apprehended, 
and 
(a) 
which are secured by first ranking mortgages over residential or commercial real estate 
located in an EU Member State; or

--- Page 221 ---
221 
(b) 
are secured by a junior mortgage but where all Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto 
are held by the Issuer and also allocated to the relevant cover pool; or 
(c) 
are secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution, or (ii) an 
appropriate insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee 
evidencing paragraph (a) or (b) above. 
Other assets (up to 20% of the aggregate cover pool), such as: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions 
in the Eurosystem; 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or 
group relationship with the Issuer) having a rating of at least "A-" or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity 
as defined by the Bank of Portugal. 
The geographical scope of eligible assets is restricted to credits guaranteed by mortgages on property 
located in the EU. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, namely to hedge interest 
rate, exchange rate and liquidity risks.  The Bank of Portugal Regulations contain certain rules 
governing the limits and conditions for the use of these hedging contracts. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature.  Accordingly, the Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide, to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, an Institution is required by the Covered Bonds Law to maintain a register of all the assets 
comprised in the cover pool, including hedging contracts. 
VALUATION AND LTV CRITERIA 
Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with the rules defined by the Bank of Portugal (in particular, pursuant to 
Regulation 5/2006, which establishes rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of assets 
and derivatives). 
The maximum Loan to Value for residential mortgages is 80% and 60% for commercial mortgages 
loans. 
The value of each property securing a mortgage credit comprised in a cover pool corresponds to the 
commercial value of such property, determined in accordance with criteria of prudence and taking into 
consideration (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such property, (ii) the standard conditions 
of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant property, and (iv) any alternative uses of such 
property. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by an issuer of 
covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool may not 
be higher than the market value of the relevant properties.  For these purposes, the market value of each 
property corresponds to the price for which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser 
on the date of the valuation of such property, assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii)

--- Page 222 ---
222 
the market conditions allow for a regular transfer of the property and (iii) there is a normal period of 
time to negotiate the corresponding purchase and sale, considering the nature of the property. 
Regulation 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage 
credits included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency for such 
valuations, the appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and transitional 
provisions concerning valuations made prior to the enactment of the Bank of Portugal Regulations.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS  
The Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations establish asset and liabilities matching 
requirements namely, the global nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds cannot exceed 95% 
of the global value of the mortgage credits and other assets at any time comprised in the relevant cover 
pool. 
The average maturity of outstanding mortgage covered bonds cannot exceed the average maturity of 
the mortgage credits and substitution assets allocated to the relevant issue of covered bonds. 
The total amount of interest to be paid by an Institution under any covered bonds shall not exceed, at 
any time, the amount of interest to be collected from the mortgage credits and other assets comprised 
in the corresponding cover pool – this means, therefore, that under the Covered Bonds Law cash flows 
from the cover pool must at all times be sufficient to meet all scheduled payments due to the holders of 
covered bonds. 
The net present value of the liabilities arising from issues of covered bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Law cannot exceed the net present value of the cover pool allocated to such covered bonds, 
including any hedging contracts also comprised in the cover pool.  This ratio must also be met for 200 
basis points parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining 
financial and prudential requirements, Institutions are required to use the following criteria: 
(i) 
the mortgage credits shall be accounted for the nominal value of their outstanding principal, 
including any accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
the covered bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, 
including accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any other assets: 
(a) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest; and 
(b) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for under 
margin valuation rules laid down by the Eurosystem or, if lower, according to their 
nominal value, including accrued but unpaid interests. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Institution must use 
the exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
The Covered Bonds Law also contains rules regarding the management of the cover pool allocated to 
one or more issues of covered bonds, allowing the Institution, inter alia, to assign new mortgage credits 
to the cover pool.  The Institution may also enter into irrevocable credit facilities for the provision of 
liquidity in connection with the liabilities arising under the covered bonds.  The credit facility 
counterparty must have a minimum credit rating of "A-" or equivalent. 
An Institution is entitled to enter into derivatives contracts to hedge interest, exchange rate and liquidity 
risks.  These derivatives contracts are also included in the cover pool and the derivative counterparties 
(who also benefit from the special creditor privilege) have to be rated "A-" or above.  If a particular 
issue of covered bonds is denominated in a currency other than the currency of the Cover Pool, the 
Institution must enter into adequate hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging the relevant currency 
exchange risk.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
If the limits and requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law are exceeded, the issuer is required 
to remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new mortgage credits, (ii) purchasing outstanding 
covered bonds in the secondary market and/or (iii) allocating other eligible assets. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case 
such mortgage credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Institution and, if necessary to 
comply with the prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of 
Portugal Regulations, substituted by new mortgage credits. 
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Institution allocates 
new mortgage credits to the covered bonds sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and 
prudential requirements set forth in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Instruction 13/2006 contains rules to be followed in respect of notices to the Bank of Portugal regarding 
the issue of covered bonds under the Covered Bonds Law.  Prior to a first issuance of covered bonds, 
and on each subsequent issuance, an Institution is required to provide the Bank of Portugal with certain 
documentation and information, including a chart showing the detailed composition of the autonomous 
pool of assets allocated to the covered bonds.  On a monthly basis, the Institution is required to provide 
the Bank of Portugal with information on the number and amount of covered bonds outstanding and on 
any new issues of covered bonds and any redemptions occurred. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND BANKING SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with 
the CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Institution of the financial and 
prudential requirements established in the Covered Bonds Law. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, the independent auditor is required to issue an annual report 
covering the compliance by the issuer with the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Also, a common representative of the holders of the covered bonds must be appointed by the Board of 
Directors of the Institution in order to represent the interests of the holders of covered bonds. 
The Bank of Portugal and the CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision respectively. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation 
The assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Institution to the issues of covered bonds will remain 
and be registered in separate accounts of the Institution.  The register will be maintained in codified 
form and the code key will be deposited with the Bank of Portugal.  This information will be deposited 
with the Bank of Portugal in the form of a code key.  If the holders of covered bonds decide to accelerate 
the relevant covered bonds, the common representative of such holders shall request the Bank of 
Portugal to disclose the information associated with such code key, in accordance with article 4(5) of 
the Covered Bonds Law. 
The assets included in the register maintained by the Institution will form a segregate estate over which 
the holders of the covered bonds will have a special creditor privilege ("privilégio creditório"), in 
particular in the case of winding-up and dissolution of the Institution. 
In the event of insolvency of the Institution, the assets allocated to one or more issues of covered bonds 
will be segregated from the corresponding insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by a

--- Page 225 ---
225 
third party until full payment of the amounts due to the holders of covered bonds.  In any case, and even 
if the Institution is declared insolvent, the Covered Bonds Law determines that timely payments of 
interest and reimbursements under the covered bonds shall continue to be carried out. 
In the case of voluntary dissolution of an Institution, the plan for such dissolution and winding-up, 
which shall be submitted to the Bank of Portugal pursuant to Article 35-A of the Banking Law, shall 
identify a Substitute Credit Institution appointed to (i) manage the relevant cover pool allocated to the 
covered bonds outstanding, and (ii) ensure that the payments of any amounts due to the holders of such 
covered bonds are made.  Such plan shall also describe the general framework and conditions under 
which those actions will be rendered by the Substitute Credit Institution. 
If the authorisation of an Institution to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of 
Portugal shall, simultaneously with the decision to revoke such authorisation, also appoint a Substitute 
Credit Institution to manage the relevant cover pool allocated to the covered bonds outstanding and to 
ensure that payments due to the holders of such covered bonds are made. 
In accordance with Regulation 8/2006, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of 
Portugal to service the cover pool following insolvency of the Institution shall: (i) immediately upon 
being appointed, prepare an opening balance sheet in relation to the cover pool, supplemented by the 
corresponding explanatory notes; (ii) perform all acts and things necessary or convenient for the prudent 
management of the cover pool, including, without limitation, selling the mortgage credits comprised in 
the cover pool; ensuring the timely collection in respect of the mortgage assets comprised in the cover 
pool; and performing all other acts and administrative services in connection with such mortgage assets 
and related mortgages and additional security; (iii) maintain and keep updated a segregated register of 
the cover pool in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law; and (iv) prepare an annual financial report 
in relation to the cover pool and the outstanding covered bonds. This report shall be the subject of an 
auditing report produced by an independent auditor who shall be appointed as cover pool monitor by 
the Substitute Credit Institution. 
Furthermore, any Substitute Credit Institution appointed by the Bank of Portugal to service the cover 
pool following the insolvency of an Institution shall perform all acts and things necessary or convenient 
for maintaining the relationship with the borrowers under the mortgage credits comprised in the relevant 
cover pool. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege 
over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other creditors, for the purpose of 
redemption of principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over 
any real estate preferential claims.  If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay 
interest and principal under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu 
with unsecured creditors of the relevant Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the 
relevant counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege over such cover pool.  
Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered bonds 
and, consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Institution. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of an Institution, a 
meeting of holders of all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 majority vote, 
to accelerate the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the

--- Page 226 ---
226 
estate allocated to the relevant covered bonds in accordance with the provisions defined in the Covered 
Bonds Law and in the relevant terms and conditions that govern such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, 
whether in those countries or elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer’s 
Member State of incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. It should also be noted that there are differences 
in the tax treatment of different Covered Bonds. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Portugal   
The following is a general summary of the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice in Portugal 
as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects to 
Portuguese taxation of the Covered Bonds and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes 
that could have a retroactive effect.  Potentially applicable transitional rules have not been considered.  
The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive.  It is not intended to 
be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of Covered Bonds.  It neither 
takes into account nor discusses investors' individual circumstances or the tax laws of any country other 
than Portugal, and it relates only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Covered Bonds.  Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Portuguese 
or other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Covered Bonds. Tax 
consequences may differ according to the provisions of different double taxation treaties, as well as 
according to a prospective investor's particular circumstances. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below 
means "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law.  
The statements below do not take into account different definitions of "interest", "other investment 
income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be used in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or any related documentation. 
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums 
and other instances of remuneration arising from the Covered Bonds are designated as investment 
income for Portuguese tax purposes.   
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds or of any other debt securities are qualified as 
capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
1. 
Covered Bonds not held through a centralised control system 
Portuguese resident holders and non-resident holders with a Portuguese permanent establishment 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident 
individual is subject to withholding tax at 28%, which, if such income is not earned as business or 
professional income, is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include it in his/ her 
taxable income subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48%. In the latter case, an additional income 
tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5% on the 
part of the taxable income up to EUR 250,000 and (ii) 5% on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable 
income exceeding EUR 250,000.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in 
the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply. 
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Covered Bonds by an individual resident in Portugal 
for tax purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive difference 
between such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities.  Tax applies at 28%, which is 
the final tax on that income, unless the individual elects to include it in his/her taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive rates of up to 48%.  In the latter case, an additional income tax rate will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5% on the part of the taxable 
income up to EUR 250,000 and (ii) 5% on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
EUR 250,000. 
Stamp tax at 10% applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Covered Bonds by an 
individual who is domiciled in Portugal.  An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse (or 
person living together as spouse), descendants and parents/grandparents. 
Interest or other investment income derived from the Covered Bonds and capital gains realised with the 
transfer of the Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident 
legal persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable 
are included in their taxable profits and are subject to corporate tax at 21% or 17% on the first EUR 
25,000 in the case of small and medium-sized enterprises and may be subject to a municipal surcharge 
("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5%.  A state surcharge ("derrama estadual") also applies at 3% on 
taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 up to EUR 7,500,000, at 5% on taxable profits in excess of 
EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000 and at 9% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at 25% applies to interest and other investment income, which is deemed a payment 
on account of the final tax due.  The withholding (and final) tax rate is 21% in the case of entities 
benefiting from a tax exemption under Articles 9 and 10 of the corporate tax code that does not apply 
to investment income and in the case of entities not carrying on an activity of a commercial, industrial 
or agricultural nature. 
Financial institutions, pension funds, retirement saving funds, venture capital funds, collective 
investment undertakings and some exempt entities, among other entities, are not subject to withholding 
tax. 
The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or 
a non-resident acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to corporate income tax 
at 21% or 17% on the first EUR 25,000 in the case of small and medium-sized enterprises and may be 
subject to a municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5%.  A state surcharge ("derrama 
estadual") also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 up to EUR 7,500,000, at 
5% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000 and at 9% on taxable profits 
in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Non-resident holders without a Portuguese permanent establishment 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at 28% 
(individuals) or 25% (legal persons), which is the final tax on that income.  The withholding tax rate is 
35% in the case of individuals or legal persons domiciled in a country, territory or region included in

--- Page 229 ---
229 
the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial Order No. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended or 
superseded from time to time (hereafter "Ministerial Order No. 150/2004"). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in 
the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 
or 5%, depending on the applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities are met. These 
formalities include the certification, through a document issued by the competent tax authorities, of the 
residence of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income in the periods concerned, 
as well as the certification that they are subject to taxation.  The reduction may apply at source or 
through the refund of the excess tax.  The standard forms currently applicable for these purposes, to be 
presented with the document issued by the competent tax authorities, were approved by Order 
("Despacho") No. 8363/2020, of 31 August 2020 (second series), published in the Portuguese official 
gazette, second series, No. 169, of 31 August 2020, of the Portuguese Secretary of State for tax affairs 
and may be available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Interest paid to an associated company of the Bank which is resident in the European Union is exempt 
from withholding tax. 
For these purposes, an "associated company of the Bank" is: 
(i) 
A company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3 (a) (iii) of Council 
Directive 2003/49/EC without being exempt, which takes one of the forms listed in the Annex 
to that Directive, which is considered to be resident in a Member State of the European Union 
and is not, within the meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with a 
third state, considered to be resident for tax purposes outside the European Community; and 
(ii) 
Which holds a minimum direct holding of 25% in capital of the Bank, or is directly held by the 
Bank in at least 25% or which is directly held in at least 25% by a company which also holds 
at least 25% of the capital of the Bank; and 
(iii) 
Provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two years.  
If the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes due, a refund 
may be obtained. 
The associated company of the Bank to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the 
interest, which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own account and not as an intermediary, 
either as a representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person. 
Interest paid to an associated company of the Bank which is resident in Switzerland is also exempt from 
withholding tax under the conditions described above for associated companies resident in the European 
Union. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Covered Bonds by an individual non-resident 
in Portugal for tax purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive 
difference between such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities.  Tax applies at 28%.  
An exemption applies to non-resident individuals, unless they are resident in a country, territory or 
region included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case 
by case basis.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in 
Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are 
attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the holder is 
(a) more than 25% directly or indirectly, held by Portuguese resident entities or (b) if the holder is 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in 
Ministerial Order No. 150/2004.  If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to tax at 
25%. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese 
tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.   
No stamp tax applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Covered Bonds by an individual 
who is not domiciled in Portugal. 
The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject 
to corporate tax at 25%.  Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not 
subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
2. 
Covered Bonds held through a centralised control system 
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital 
gains on Covered Bonds and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Covered Bonds. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Taxation Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law 
No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended or superseded from time to time (hereafter "the special 
regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005"), investment income and gains on the disposal or the 
refund of debt securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, such as the Covered Bonds, may be 
exempt from Portuguese income tax, provided that the debt securities are integrated in a centralised 
system managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the Central de Valores Mobiliários, managed 
by Interbolsa), by other European Union or European Economic Area entities that manage international 
clearing systems (in the latter case if there is administrative co-operation for tax purposes with the 
relevant country which is equivalent to that in place within the European Union), or, when authorised 
by the member of the government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other 
centralised systems and: 
(i) 
the beneficial owners have no residence, head office, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable; and 
(ii) 
the beneficial owners are central banks and government agencies, international organisations 
recognised by the Portuguese state, residents in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force or other 
non-resident entities which are not domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly 
more favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures 
to be followed on the proof of non-residence by the holders of Covered Bonds to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is to obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, 
that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption.  As a general rule, the 
proof of non-residence by the holders of Covered Bonds should be provided to, and received by, the 
direct register entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for 
zero coupon Covered Bonds), and, in the case of domestically cleared Covered Bonds, prior to the 
transfer of Covered Bonds, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt is it envisaged that the

--- Page 231 ---
231 
Covered Bonds will be integrated in a centralised system managed by a Portuguese domestic entity 
(Interbolsa). 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the 
exemption to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
Domestically Cleared Covered Bonds 
The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below. 
(i) 
If a holder of Covered Bonds is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international 
organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the 
holder of Covered Bonds, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
below; 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension 
fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country or jurisdiction 
with which Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special 
supervision regime or administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the 
following: (A) its tax identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such 
supervision or registration or by the tax authorities confirming the legal existence of the holder 
of Covered Bonds and its domicile; or (C) proof of non residence, pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below; 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or jurisdiction with 
which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in 
force, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) 
declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the 
tax authorities, confirming its legal existence and the law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-
residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant Tax Authorities; or (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document specifically 
issued by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, 
indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an 
identification document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which 
it is only indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent 
residency permit) is not acceptable. 
There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, in 
particular that the holder of Covered Bonds must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document.  This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the date 
on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3-year period starting on 
the date such document is issued.  The holder of Covered Bonds must inform the register entity 
immediately of any change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying. 
In what concerns the documents mentioned in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, proof of non-residence 
is required only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any changes that 
impact the entitlement to the exemption. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds

--- Page 232 ---
232 
If the Covered Bonds are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the 
relevant date for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds), the 
entity managing such system is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the 
identification and number of securities, as well as the income and, when applicable, the tax withheld, 
itemised by type of beneficial owner, as follows: (i) Portuguese resident entities or permanent 
establishments of non-resident entities to which the income is attributable which are not exempt from 
tax and are subject to withholding tax; (ii) Entities domiciled in a country, territory, or region subject 
to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, which are not 
exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax ; (iii) Portuguese resident entities or permanent 
establishments of non-resident entities to which the income is attributable which are exempt from tax 
and are not subject to withholding tax; (iv) other non-Portuguese resident entities. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register entity, 
in relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of the 
beneficiaries mentioned in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, 
if applicable, identification of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed.  Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax 
provisions shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, 
tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005. 
The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Covered Bonds within 
6 months from the date the withholding took place. 
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed 
to the Portuguese Tax Authorities within 2 years from the end of the year in which tax was withheld.  
The refund is to be made within 3 months, after which interest is due. 
The forms currently applicable for the above purposes were approved by Order ("Despacho") No. 
2937/2014 of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in the Portuguese official 
gazette, second series, No. 37, of 21 February 2014 and may be available for viewing and downloading 
at www.portaldasfinanças.gov.pt. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA") impose a new 
reporting regime and, potentially, a 30% withholding tax with respect to: (i) certain payments from 
sources within the United States, (ii) "foreign passthru payments" made to certain non-U.S. financial 
institutions that do not comply with this new reporting regime, and (iii) payments to certain investors 
that do not provide identification information with respect to interests issued by a participating non-
U.S. financial institution. FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the 
subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary 
generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It may also affect payment to any 
ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it 
receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary 
for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with 
FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary 
with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian

--- Page 233 ---
233 
or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax 
advisor to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds are discharged once it has made payment via the Interbolsa system 
and the Issuer therefore has no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Interbolsa and custodians or intermediaries. Further, foreign financial 
institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an intergovernmental agreement with the United 
States (an "IGA") are generally not expected to be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or 
any law implementing an IGA) form payments they make. 
Portugal signed an IGA with the United States on 6 August 2015 and has implemented through Law 
No. 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 (as amended or superseded from time to time), the legal 
framework based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States on financial accounts 
subject to disclosure. The IGA entered into force in 10 August 2016, and through Decree-Law No. 
64/2016, of 11 October 2016, amended by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 
of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the regulation required to comply with 
FATCA. Under this legislation, the Issuer is required to obtain information regarding certain 
accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, which, in turn, will 
report such information to the US Internal Revenue Service. The exchange of information shall be made 
by 31 July of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer is not obliged to gross up any amounts which may be withheld or deducted pursuant to 
FATCA. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia, Slovakia (the "participating Member States") and Estonia.  However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member State wishing to participate in 
the establishment of the enhanced cooperation, ten countries are participating in the negotiations on the 
proposed directive.  At the working party meeting of 7 May 2019, participating Member States indicated 
that they were discussing the option of an FTT based on the French model of the tax, and the possible 
mutualisation of the revenues among the participating member states as a contribution to the EU budget. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek 
their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Common Reporting Standard 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended or superseded from time to time by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of 
taxation concerning bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014 (the Common Reporting 
Standard).

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, 
by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 
17/2019, of 14 February 2019 all as amended or superseded from time to time. 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was also transposed into the Portuguese law through 
the Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended or superseded from time to time, Law 
No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. Under such law, the 
Issuer is required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report such information 
to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant tax 
authorities of EU Member States or third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common 
Reporting Standard. Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 introduced the regime for the automatic 
exchange of financial information to be carried out by financial institutions to the Portuguese Tax 
Authority (until 31 July, with reference to the previous year) with respect to accounts held by holders 
or beneficiaries resident in the Portuguese territory with a balance or value that exceeds EUR 50,000 
(assessed at the end of each civil year). This regime covers information related to years 2018 and 
following years. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report 
to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state 
of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in 
the Directive.  The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income 
paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid 
or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended 
by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information 
regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting 
obligations arising thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  
No. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 282/2018, of 
19 October 2018, Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") No. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") No. 255/2017, of 14 August 2017, and by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 58/2018, of 
27 February 2018, and Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  No. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Mandatory Disclosure Rules 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, introduced 
the automatic exchange of tax information concerning the cross-border mechanisms to be reported to 
the tax authorities, in order to ensure a better operation of the EU market by discouraging the use of 
aggressive cross-border tax planning arrangements. 
Under Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, the intermediaries or the relevant taxpayers are 
subject to the obligation to communicate cross-border tax planning arrangements’ information to the 
tax authorities of EU Member States, according to certain hallmarks indicating a potential risk of tax 
avoidance. 
Portugal implemented Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May through Law No. 26/2020, of 21 
July, and Decree-Law No. 53/2020, of 11 August, with the following features:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
− 
Reportable arrangements include cross-border and purely domestic arrangements, but generic 
hallmarks linked to the main benefit test are not relevant in case of purely domestic arrangements. 
− 
The main benefit test is only satisfied if the obtaining of a tax advantage, beyond a reasonable doubt, 
is the main benefit or one of the main benefits which, having regard to all relevant facts and 
circumstances, a person may reasonably expect to derive from an arrangement. 
− 
Tax advantage is defined as any reduction, elimination or tax deferral, including the use of tax 
losses or the granting of tax benefits that would not be granted fully or partially, without the use of 
the mechanism. 
− 
In case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses apply, the reporting obligations are 
shifted to the relevant taxpayer; however, in case the relevant taxpayer does not comply with this 
obligation, the reporting obligation is then shifted again to the intermediary. 
The deadlines to file information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities are as follows: 
− 
The standard 30-day reporting period, as well as the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer in case 
any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses applies to the intermediary, begin on 1 January 
2021; 
− 
Reportable cross-border arrangements which first step was implemented between 25 June 2018 and 
30 June 2020 – to be filed by 28 February 2021; 
− 
Reportable domestic or cross-border arrangements made available for implementation or ready for 
implementation, or where the first step in its implementation has been made between 1 July 2020 
and 31 December 2020 - the period of 30 days for filing information and the period of 5 days to 
inform the taxpayer begin on 1 January 2021; 
− 
The deadline for the first periodic reporting of domestic and cross-border marketable arrangements 
is 30 April 2021. 
The applicable form (Model 58) to comply with the reporting obligations to the Portuguese Tax 
Authority was approved by Ministerial Order no. 304/2020, of 29 December.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND SECONDARY 
MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement dated 21 May 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue 
of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws or "blue sky laws" of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  
The Covered Bonds are initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) will identify whether TEFRA C rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  If 
TEFRA C applies, the Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed (and each further Dealer named in a Final Terms will be required to agree) that 
it will not offer or sell Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S of the Securities Act, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds 
during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which 
such Covered Bonds are a part, an offer or sale of the Covered Bonds within the United States by any 
dealer whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended or superseded from time to time; the "FIEA").  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended or superseded from time to time)), or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds) specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded from time to time, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded from time to tim.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
• 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or 
superseded from time to time (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale 
of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the 
United Kingdom. 
Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision 
of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11973 of 14 
May 1999, as amended  or superseded from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above must be: 
(A) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended, CONSOB Regulation No. No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended or 
superseded from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or superseded from time to time (the "Banking Act"); and 
(B) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended or superseded from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Please note that, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above, 
the subsequent distribution of the Covered Bonds on the secondary market in Italy must be made in 
compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such rules may 
result in the sale of such Covered Bonds being declared null and void and in the liability of the 
intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Portugal  
In relation to the Covered Bonds each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Covered Bonds may 
not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a 
public offer ("oferta pública") under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) 
enacted by Decree-Law No. 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended or superseded from time to 
time (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), 
unless the requirements and provisions applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met and the 
registration or approval by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários" ("CMVM")) is obtained or a recognition procedure is made with the CMVM.  In 
addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any 
action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or 
delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to subscribe, gather 
investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Covered Bonds in circumstances which could 
qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or 
under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in 
Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; or (ii) 
it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available 
or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered 
Bonds to the public in Portugal other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time 
to time), any regulations implementing the Prospectus Regulation, and any applicable CMVM 
regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be 
applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Covered Bonds by it in Portugal or to individuals or 
entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the 
case may be including the publication of a base prospectus, when applicable, and that such placement 
shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
France 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in France following 
the notification of the approval of this Base Prospectus to the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") by the Central Bank of Ireland and in the period beginning on the date of the 
publication of the Final Terms relating to the offer of Covered Bonds and ending at the latest 
on the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the  
Central Bank of Ireland, all in accordance with Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement général of the AMF; or 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the 
public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or

--- Page 241 ---
241 
cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, and that such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and will be made in France only to (i) providers of investment services 
relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, and/or (ii) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, 
Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an 
offering of Covered Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time 
(a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered 
Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter  289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 242 ---
242 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction, in particular Australia, South Africa and Canada, in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series 
of Covered Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through 
bid and offer rate arrangements.  The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree 
to quote bid and offer prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are 
specified in the relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions 
as set out in the relevant agreement.  Not all issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit 
from such agreements.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 7 May 2007, in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law.  The updates 
of the Programme were duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 17 
July 2008, 21 July 2009, 19 April 2010 and by resolutions of the Executive Committee of the Issuer 
dated 19 June 2012, 10 July 2013, 5 August 2014, 20 October 2015, 13 December 2016, 8 May 2019, 
12 May 2020 and 11 May 2021 in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law. 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during 
the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Clearing system 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa.  The appropriate ISIN for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Interbolsa (and the appropriate Common Code for each 
such Tranche allocated by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds). 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
of the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price, using the formula set out below.  The 
yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
(
)
(
)
(
)
n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P
−
+
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"P" is the Issue Price of the Covered Bonds; 
"C" is the annualised amount of interest payable; 
"A" is the principal amount of Covered Bonds due on redemption; 
"n" is time to maturity in years; and 
"r" is the annualised yield. 
Significant or material change 
Save as disclosed under “The Bank is exposed to the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic”, there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or trading position of the BCP Group since 
31 March 2021.  There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the BCP 
Group since the date of the last audited accounts, 31 December 2020.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Litigation 
1. 
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority initiated an administrative proceeding relating to 
competition restrictive practices.  During the investigations, on 6 March 2013, several searches 
were conducted in the Bank's premises, as well as to at least eight other credit institutions, where 
documentation was seized in order to investigate allegations of exchange of privileged 
commercial information among Portuguese banks. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority has declared the administrative proceeding to stay under 
judicial secrecy, once it considered that the interests dealt with in the investigation, as well as the 
parties' rights, would not be compatible with the publicity of the process.  On 2 June 2015, the 
Bank was notified of the Portuguese Competition Authority's notice of illegality in connection 
with an administrative offence, by which the Bank is accused of participating in an information 
exchange between banks of the system related to prices already approved and housing and 
consumer credit operations already granted or approved.  In light of the accusations, the Bank 
filed a response to the note of illegality, to which may follow a judicial appeal.  Note that the 
notification of a note of illegality does not constitute a final decision in relation to the accusations.  
According to the terms foreseen in the law, the illicit under investigation in this administrative 
proceeding may be punished with a fine up to a maximum limit of 10% of the defendant's annual 
consolidated turnover with reference to the year preceding the decision.  However, judicial appeal 
against such decision is possible.  In October 2016, the Lisbon Court of Appeals overruled an 
earlier decision by the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court to suspend the 
Competition Authority's investigation. 
On 4 July 2017, the Competition Authority notified the Bank on the decision regarding the 
withdrawal of the suspension concerning the access to documents deemed as confidential and of 
the extension of the term for the making of a decision on the illicit act for more 40 days.  The 
Portuguese Competition Authority refused the Bank's application for confidential treatment of 
some of the information in the Bank's defence against the notice of illegal act.  In June 2018 the 
Bank filed an appeal with the Portuguese Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (which 
is pending) and filed its defence against the notice of illegal act in a non-confidential version. 
On 5 November 2018, the Bank was notified of the ruling of the Portuguese Competition, 
Regulation and Supervision Court, that gives approval to the appeal presented by BCP, on the 
subject of secrecy, accepting, in its essence, BCP's argument that the Portuguese Competition 
Authority, infringed on the right to a prior hearing. 
On 25 January 2019, the PCA granted the Bank a 10-business day period to provide summaries 
for the co-defendants' confidential information.  On 4 February 2019, the Bank filed an appeal 
before the Competition Court and, on 11 February 2019, submitted a reply to the PCA (although 
restating its opposition to the PCA's request). 
On 9 September 2019, the PCA adopted its final decision on this proceeding, fining BCP in EUR 
60 million for its alleged participation in a confidential information exchange system with its 
competitors in the mortgage, consumer and small and medium enterprises credit segments. The 
Bank considers that this decision contains serious factual and legal errors, having filed an appeal 
on 21 October 2019 before the Competition Court requesting the annulation of the decision and 
the suspensive effect of the appeal. The admission of the appeal and the decision on its respective 
effect are expected. 
On 8 May 2020, BCP’s appeal was admitted. 
On 8 June 2020, the Bank submitted a request before the Court, claiming that the rule according 
to which appeals do not have, in principle, a suspensory effect violates the Portuguese

--- Page 245 ---
245 
Constitution, submitting elements aimed at demonstrating considerable harm in the advance 
provisional payment of the fine, and offering a guarantee in lieu (indicating the respective 
percentage of the fine to be offered as a guarantee). 
On 9 July 2020, BCP requested the Court to declare the PCA’s condemnatory decision null and 
void, due to the omission of an analysis of the economic and legal context in the terms required 
by the recent jurisprudence of the Court of Justice of the European Union. Subsequently, the 
Competition Court clarified that preliminary questions will not be known before the court hearing 
begins. 
On 14 December 2020, a hearing was held before the Competition Court, and an agreed solution 
was reached between PCA and the appellant banks, including BCP, regarding the dosimetry (i.e., 
50% of the amount of the fine) and the modalities of the guarantees to be provided, in order for 
the appeal to have a suspensory effect. 
On 21 December 2020, BCP submitted, and the Competition Court accepted, a bank guarantee 
in the maximum amount of EUR 30 million, issued by the Bank itself as a way to satisfy the 
referred security deposit. 
2. 
On 20 October 2014, the Bank became aware of a class action brought against Bank Millennium 
in Poland by a group of borrowers represented by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman in 
Olsztyn.  As other Polish banks in a similar situation, Bank Millennium was in the meantime 
notified of such class action, which seeks to assess the institution's "illicit" enrichment from 
certain clauses contained in the mortgage loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs.  In the 
referred class action, clients have questioned a set of those agreements' clauses, notably those 
related with the spread bid-offer between Polish zloty and Swiss francs applicable in the 
conversion of credits.  On 28 May 2015, the Regional Court of Warsaw issued a decision rejecting 
the class action on the grounds that the case cannot be heard in class action proceedings.  The 
decision of the Regional Court of Warsaw is not final.  On 3 July 2015, the claimants filed an 
appeal against this decision and the Court of Appeal upheld the appeal by refusing the dismissal 
of the claim. 
On 31 March 2016, the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision dismissing the Bank's motion 
for a security deposit to secure litigation costs.  On 6 April 2016, the Bank filed an appeal against 
this decision. 
On 17 February 2016, the claimant filed a submission with the Regional Court in Warsaw, 
extending the claim again to include 1,041 group members.  Bank Millennium has not yet been 
notified of this submission. 
On 2 August 2016 the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision ordering the publication of 
an announcement in the press concerning the commencement of action proceedings.  Following 
the Bank's motion to repeal this decision, the Court suspended its execution, but, on 8 August 
2016, it issued another decision for the case to be heard in the group action proceedings.  On 31 
August 2016, the Bank appealed this decision.  On 16 December 2016 the Court of Appeal in 
Warsaw overruled decision of the Regional Court for the case to be heard in group action 
proceedings and referred the request for the case to be heard in group action proceedings to the 
Regional Court for re-examination.  At a hearing on 15 March 2017 the Regional Court issued 
decision for the case to be heard in group action proceedings.  On 18 April 2017 the Bank filed 
an appeal against the above decision; the date of reviewing the case by the Court of Appeal in 
Warsaw has not been scheduled yet.  On 30 June 2017 the claimant filed a submission with the 
Regional Court in Warsaw, extending the claim again by a further 676 group members.  The new 
value of the subject matter of the dispute was indicated as approximately PLN 132.7 million 
(including the values provided in the statement of claim and the previous submissions concerning

--- Page 246 ---
246 
extension of the claims dated 4 March 2015 and 17 February 2016).  The submission dated 30 
June 2017 extending the claim has not yet been served on the Bank's counsel.  On 28 September 
2017 the Court of Appeal in Warsaw issued a decision dismissing the Bank's appeal against the 
decision of the Regional Court in Warsaw dated 15 March 2017; thus, the decision for the case 
to be heard in group action proceedings became final.  On 20 November 2017 the Regional Court 
in Warsaw issued a decision ordering the publication of an announcement in the "Rzeczpospolita" 
newspaper concerning the commencement of group action proceedings.  The announcement was 
published on 23 January 2018; the deadline for further borrowers to join the proceedings was 23 
April 2018. 
In the last extension of claim (dated 24 April 2018), 382 new borrowers declared their accession 
to the group.  Including all previous extensions of claim, the total number of declared members 
of the group is currently approximately 5,400 persons, while the total value of the subject matter 
of the dispute was indicated as approximately PLN 146 million.   
On 14 January 2019, the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision on the composition of the 
group. Both parties appealed against this decision. On 27 August 2019, the Court of Appeal in 
Warsaw issued a final decision on the composition of the group. The proceedings have thus 
entered the phase of reviewing the case on the merits. The date of the hearing was scheduled for 
20 March 2020. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the hearing was cancelled. The new date of the 
hearing was scheduled for 26 October 2020. During the hearing, the Bank requested for 
suspension of the proceedings and/or adjustments to the list of the group members. In effect, the 
court adjourned the hearing. The court has not yet decided on the Bank’s requests filed during 
the hearing on 26 October 2020. The next date of the hearing is not yet set. 
On 11 August 2020, the claimant requested granting interim measures to secure the claims against 
the Bank. In a decision of 18 August 2020, the request for granting interim measures was 
dismissed. On 26 October 2020, the claimant appealed the court’s decision dismissing the request 
for interim measures and on 9 February 2021 the court dismissed the claimant’s appeal. 
On 26 October 2020 the claimant filed another request for interim measures to secure the claims 
against the Bank concerning two group members. In a decision of 6 November 2020, the request 
for granting interim measures was dismissed. According to information obtained from the court, 
the claimant did not appeal this decision. 
Currently, the number of the group members is 5.350 and the value of the litigation has been 
estimated to approximately PLN 146 million. The number of loan agreements involved is 3,281. 
On 3 December 2015, Bank Millennium received notice of a class action lawsuit lodged by a 
group of 454 borrowers represented by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman in Olsztyn 
pertaining to low down payment insurance used with CHF-indexed mortgage loans.  The 
plaintiffs demand the payment of the amount of PLN 3.5 million (approximately EUR 0.77 
million) claiming for some clauses of the agreements pertaining to low down-payment insurance 
to be declared null and void.  The Bank already contested the claim, demanding that the lawsuit 
be dismissed.  The first hearing took place on 13 September 2016, the Court having ruled that the 
proceedings were admitted.  On 16 February 2017, the Court of Appeal denied the appeal brought 
forward by the Bank and the previous sentence became definitive.  On 30 March 2017 the 
Regional Court in Warsaw dismissed Bank's motion to oblige the plaintiff to provide security for 
costs of proceedings.  On 10 April 2017 Bank filed a complaint to the Court of Appeal in Warsaw 
against the decision dismissing the motion to provide security.  On 13 September 2017, the Court 
of Appeal in Warsaw dismissed the complaint against the decision of the Regional Court in 
Warsaw of 30 March 2017 on dismissal of the motion to provide security.  The Regional Court 
in Warsaw announced the initiation of group proceedings in the daily newspaper 
"Rzeczpospolita", thus setting a period of three months for submitting statements on joining the

--- Page 247 ---
247 
group by the interested parties.  Pursuant to the court´s order, the representative of the group filed 
with the Regional Court in Warsaw an update list of all the members of the group amounting to 
709 persons and lodged a further claim for slightly above 5 million PLN altogether. 
On 1 October 2018, the group's representative corrected the total amount of claims pursued in 
the proceedings and submitted a revised list of all group members, covering a total of 697 
borrowers and 432 loan agreements.  The value of the subject of the dispute, as updated by the 
claimant, is PLN 7,371,107.94. 
On 21 November 2018, the Bank filed objections regarding the membership of individual persons 
in the group.  The court also ordered the Bank to submit its objections as to the revised list of all 
group members by 28 January 2019. 
The next stage of the proceedings is establishing the composition of the group (i.e. determining 
whether all persons who joined the proceedings may participate in the group). 
On 28 January 2019, the Bank submitted second objection regarding the membership in the group 
of persons included in the revised list. On 27 July 2019, the Bank filed a motion to exclude a 
judge from the case. On 26 October 2019, the court issued a decision to exclude three judges 
from hearing the case. 
By the resolution of 1 April 2020, the court established the composition of the group (in essence 
– excluding one person) as per the request of the claimant. 
On 1 April 2020, the Regional Court decided to examine the written testimonies of the witnesses. 
3. 
On 28 December 2015 and 5 April 2016, Bank Millennium was notified of two cases filed by 
PCZ SA in the amount of PLN 150 million and by Europejska Fundacja Współpracy Polsko - 
Belgijskiej / European Foundation for Polish-Belgian Cooperation ("EFWP-B"), in the amount 
of PLN 521.9 million (approximately EUR 114.4 million) based on the same grounds.  The 
claimants allege in their petitions that Bank Millennium misrepresented certain contractual 
clauses, which determined the maturity of the credits, causing losses to the claimants.  In the case 
brought by EFWP-B a decision of the first instance of the Warsaw Regional Court is pending.  
As regards the case brought by PCZ SA, on 7 April 2017 the Wrocław Regional Court (first 
instance) issued a verdict favourable to Bank Millennium by rejecting the case.  The plaintiff has 
lodged an appeal.  On 21 December 2017, the Appeal Court of second instance in Wrocław has 
issued a verdict favourable to the Bank dismissing the appeal.  This decision is final. 
The Bank is requesting complete dismissal of the suit, stating disagreement with the charges 
raised in the claim.  Supporting the position of the Bank, the Bank's attorney submitted a binding 
copy of final verdict of Appeal Court in Wrocław favourable to the Bank, issued in the same legal 
state in the action brought by PCZ S.A. against the Bank. 
Favourable forecasts for the Bank, as regards dismissal of the suit brought by EFWP-B to the 
Warsaw Regional Court, have been confirmed by a renowned law firm representing the Bank in 
this proceeding. 
4. 
On 19 January 2018, the Bank has received the lawsuit petition of First Data Polska SA 
requesting the payment of PLN 186.8 million (approximately EUR 40.96 million).  First Data 
claims a share in an amount which the Bank has received in connection with the Visa Europe 
takeover transaction by Visa Inc.  The plaintiff based its request on an agreement with the Bank 
on cooperation in scope of acceptance and settlement of operations conducted with the usage of 
Visa cards.  The Bank does not accept the claim and filed the response to the lawsuit petition 
within the deadline set forth in the law.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
In accordance with the decision issued on 13 June 2019, the Bank won the case before the Court 
of First Instance. On 10 March 2021 the Court of Second Instance dismissed First Data Polska 
SA`s appeals. The Bank won the case. However, First Data Polska SA may file an extraordinary 
(cassation) appeal to the Supreme Court. The deadline to do so is 2 months from the date when 
First Data Polska SA receives the copy of the court decision together with its reasoning. 
5. 
On 3 January 2018, Bank Millennium was notified of a decision of the President of the Office of 
Competition and Consumer Protection (the "UOKiK"), in which the President of UOKiK found 
infringement by the Bank of the rights of consumers.  In the opinion of the President of UOKiK, 
the essence of the violation was that the Bank informed consumers (connected with 78 
agreements), in response to their complaint, that the court verdict stating the abusiveness of the 
provisions of the loan agreement regarding exchange rates did not apply to them.  According to 
the position of the President of UOKiK, the abusiveness of contract's clauses determined by the 
court in the course of abstract control is constitutive and effective for every contract from the 
beginning.  As a result of the decision, the Bank had to:  1) send information of the UOKiK 
decision to the said 78 clients; 2) post the information on the decision and the decision itself on 
the website and on twitter, which it has already done; and 3) to pay a fine amounting to PLN 20.7 
million.  The decision on the fine is not immediately enforceable.  The decision of the President 
of UOKiK is not final.  The Bank does not agree with this decision and lodged an appeal within 
the statutory time limit. 
On 7 January 2020, the first instance court dismissed the Bank's appeal in its entirety. The court 
presented the view that the judgment issued in the course of the control of a contractual template 
(in the course of an abstract control), recognising the provisions of the template as abusive, 
determines the abusiveness of similar provisions in previously concluded contracts. Therefore, 
the information provided to consumers was incorrect and misleading. As regards the penalty 
imposed by UOKiK, the court pointed out that the policy of imposing penalties by UOKiK had 
changed in the direction of tightening penalties and that the court agrees with this direction. 
In the Bank's assessment, the court should not assess the Bank's behaviour in 2015 from the 
perspective of today's case-law views on the importance of abstract control (it was not until 
January 2016 that the Supreme Court's resolution supporting the view of the President of UOKiK 
was published), nor should it impose penalties for these behaviours using current policy. The 
above constitutes a significant argument against the validity of the judgment and supports the 
appeal which the Bank submitted to the Court of Appeal. 
6. 
On 22 September 2020, the Bank received decision of the Chairman of the Office for Protection 
of Competition and Consumers (“OPCC Chairman”) recognising clauses stipulating principles 
of currency exchange applied in the so-called anti-spread annex as abusive and prohibited the use 
thereof.  
Penalty was imposed upon the Bank in the amount of PLN 10.5 million. Penalty amount takes 
account of two mitigating circumstances: cooperation with the Office for Protection of 
Competition and Consumers and discontinuation of the use of provisions in question.  
The Bank was also requested, after the decision becomes final and binding, to inform consumers, 
by registered mail, to the effect that the said clauses were deemed to be abusive and therefore not 
binding upon them (without need to obtain court’s decision confirming this circumstance) and 
publish the decision in the case on the Bank’s website. 
In the decision justification delivered in writing the OPCC Chairman stated that FX rates 
determined by the Bank were determined at Bank’s discretion (on the basis of a concept, not 
specified in any regulations, of average inter-bank market rate). Moreover, client had no precise

--- Page 249 ---
249 
knowledge on where to look for said rates since provision referred to Reuters, without precisely 
defining the relevant website.  
Provisions relating to FX rates in Bank’s tables were challenged since the Bank failed to define 
when and how many times a day these tables were prepared and published.  
In justification of the decision, the OPCC Chairman also indicated that in the course of the 
proceeding, Bank Millennium presented various proposed solutions, which the OPCC Chairman 
deemed to be insufficient. 
The decision is not final and binding. The Bank appealed against said decision within statutory 
term.  The Bank believes that chances for winning the case are positive. 
7. 
In October 2015, a set of companies connected to a group which has debts in default towards the 
Bank in the amount of approximately EUR 170 million, resulting from a financing agreement 
entered into in 2009 – such debts having been fully provisioned for in the Bank's accounts – 
brought a judicial proceeding against the Bank, after having received a notification from the Bank 
enforcing payment of such debts.  In the judicial proceedings it is envisaged: 
(a) 
to deny the obligation of payment of those debts, by arguing the voidness and nullity 
of the respective agreement, but without the correspondent obligation of returning the 
amounts received; 
(b) 
that the Bank is also convicted to bear the amounts of approximately EUR 90 million 
and EUR 34 million related to other debts contracted by those entities with other 
banking institutions, as well as the amounts, in a total sum of approximately EUR 26 
million, that the debtors would have already paid in the context of the respective 
financing agreements; and 
(c) 
to declare that the Bank is the owner of the object of the pledges associated with said 
financing agreements, which corresponds to approximately 340 million shares of the 
Bank itself, allegedly acquired at the request of, on behalf of and in the interest of the 
Bank. 
The Bank has filed its defence and counterclaim, reinforcing the demand for payment of the debt.  
The claimants filed their statements of defence regarding the counterclaim filed by the Bank and 
the Bank replied to those statements in July 2016. 
The Court issued a decision establishing the facts that are considered to be proven and those that 
must still be proven in court.  The parties presented their requests for proof and each of the parties 
appointed its expert.  The Court shall now issue a decision regarding the proof requested by the 
parties and appoint the third expert. 
The claimants challenged both experts appointed by BCP and the Court, but the Court maintained 
the appointed experts, who were notified on 13 March 2020 to proceed with the expert evidence.  
The expert evidence is currently ongoing. The proceedings are waiting for the experts to present 
their report. 
8.  
Litigation initiated by BCP and Millennium bim in relation to their exposure to Mozambique 
entities and sovereign guarantees: 
On 8 April 2020, the Bank filed a Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property Courts 
of England and Wales Commercial Court in which the Bank claims sums due and in default under

--- Page 250 ---
250 
a facility agreement and a sovereign guarantee in the amount of USD 158,942,748.88, as at 8 
April 2020, plus other interest and other costs. 
Further to legal action brought by the State with a view to seek, inter alia, a declaration that a 
State guarantee is not valid, legal or enforceable, on 27 April 2020 Millennium bim issued a 
Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property Courts of England and Wales 
Commercial Court against the original arranger and lender of a credit facility benefiting from 
said State guarantee and related persons. Millennium bim was assigned loans under this facility 
in the amounts of USD 37.2 million and USD 24 million. The total amount outstanding as at 27 
April 2020 was US$79,639,385.33. 
Save as disclosed in this section entitled "Litigation" there are no, nor have there been any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this document which 
may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or the Group. 
Accounts 
The current auditors of the Bank are Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A. ("Deloitte") (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors ("Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), with registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 
Lisbon. 
The consolidated financial statements of the BCP Group for the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
The financial statements of the BCP Group were audited for each of the two years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 by Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A., independent certified public 
accountants and members of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores 
Oficiais de Contas). 
All financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended and all financial 
information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank for the three month period ended 31 March 
2021 has been extracted from the unaudited and un-reviewed earnings press release and earnings 
presentation of the BCP Group for the three month period ended 31 March 2021. 
Documents available for inspection 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents, save for (a) below, will, when published, be available for inspection at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Pages/Inv.aspx: 
(a) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
(in 
English) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/governacao/Documents/estatutos_BCP_EN.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the auditor's report contained in 
the Issuer's Annual Report in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 in English; 
(c) 
the most recently published unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (if any) of the 
Issuer;

--- Page 251 ---
251 
(d) 
the Set of Agency Procedures dated 15 May 2019; 
(e) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement dated 21 May 2021; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including 
Final Terms and (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing 
Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding 
of Covered Bonds and identity), to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference. 
The documents listed under paragraphs (a) to (c) above are a direct and accurate translation from the 
original Portuguese versions.  In the event of a discrepancy, the Portuguese version will prevail. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Covered 
Bonds. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.  Certain of the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer or its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.  In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the term 
"affiliates" includes parent companies. 
Third party information 
Information sourced from Banco de Portugal, Portuguese Banking Association (Associação Portuguesa 
de Bancos), Portugal's National Statistics Institute (Instituto Nacional de Estatística), the National Bank 
of Poland, the Bank of Mozambique, the Bank of Angola and from other sources mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain

--- Page 252 ---
252 
from information published by such entities, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where information from third parties is referenced in this Base Prospectus, the source of the information 
is identified alongside each statement.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Acceleration Notice" means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default 
– Insolvency Event and Enforcement). 
"Additional Security" means any other encumbrances or guarantees the benefit of which is vested in 
the Issuer as security for the repayment of a Mortgage Credit. 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser or, 
as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), 
in each case in its discretion and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Agent" means Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with head office at Praça 
Dom João I, 28, 4000-295 Oporto, Portugal. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the same Specified Currency as the Covered 
Bonds, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
"AMF" means the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
"Arranger" means each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, the Co-Arranger and any other entity appointed 
as an arranger for the Programme and references in this Base Prospectus to the Arranger shall be 
references to the relevant Arranger. 
"BANIF" means Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A.  
"Bank" means Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
"Bank Millennium" means Bank Millennium S.A.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
"Bank of Portugal Regulations" means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal 
regulating certain aspects of the Covered Bonds Law, namely Regulation 5/2006, Regulation 6/2006, 
Instruction 13/2006 and Regulation 8/2006 and any applicable regulations which may be issued in the 
future. 
"Banking Act" means Legislative Decree-Law No. 385, of 1 September 1993, as amended or 
superseded from time to time. 
"Banking Law" means Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended or superseded from 
time to time. 
"Base Prospectus" means this base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
 "Basel III" means the Basel III framework released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
relating to banking capital and liquidity minimum requirements. 
"Basel IV" means the additional material elements of the Basel III framework which were finalised by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on 7 December 2017. 
"BCP" means Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that it will, on or prior to a specified date cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (d)(A);  
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (e)(A);  
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful 
for the Issuer or the Agent, as the case may be, to calculate any payments due to be made to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer

--- Page 255 ---
255 
representative or may no longer be used or will, on or before a specified date within the 
following six months, be no longer representative or no longer permitted to be used and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (g)(A). 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended or superseded from 
time to time).  
"BES" Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. 
"BII" Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A.  
"BMA" means Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. 
"BPA" means Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, 
as amended or superseded from time to time.  
"BRRD II" means the amendments to the BRRD which entered into force in 27 June 2019. 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; (ii) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in 
the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open; and (iii) either (1) in relation 
to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s)) 
and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
"Capital Requirements Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Ireland. 
"Central de Valores Mobiliários" means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of 
Securities. 
"CET1" Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 
"CJEU" means the Court of Justice of the European Union. 
"Clearing System" means Interbolsa. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"CMVM" means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
"Co-Arranger" means Banco Comercial Português S.A. and, together with the Arranger, the 
"Arrangers". 
"Common Representative" means Bondholders, S. L., in its capacity as representative of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its 
registered office at Avenida de Francia 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia (Spain), which appointment is, at the 
date of this Prospectus, subject to the approval by the holders of outstanding Covered Bonds, in a 
meeting that is in the process of being convened. Pending this approval, Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited, initially appointed on 5 June 2007, acts as common representative of the holders of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds. 
"Common Representative Appointment Agreement" means the agreement (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 21 May 2021 entered into between the Issuer 
and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions upon and subject to which 
the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative. 
"Cover Pool" means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other 
Preferred Creditors, and including the Mortgage Credits, the Hedging Contracts and the Other Assets, 
as specified in the Register. 
"Cover Pool Monitor" means Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, 
S.A. ("Deloitte") (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors ("Ordem dos 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), registered with the CMVM with registration number 20161389, with 
registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 Lisbon. 
"Cover Pool Monitor Agreement" means the agreement dated 15 May 2019 as amended and restated 
entered into between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
"Covered Bond" means any mortgage covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds 
Law in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Covered Bonds" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Covered Bonds Law" means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, enacted by Decree-Law No. 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended or superseded from time 
to time. 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"CRD IV/CRR" means the Directive 2013/36/EU and Regulation EU 575/2013. 
"CRD V" means the amendments to CRD IV that were approved by the Council in May 2019. 
"CRR II" means the amendments to the CRR that were approved by the Council in May 2019. 
"CSD" means a central securities depositary. 
"Current Property Value" means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period:

--- Page 257 ---
257 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis set out in 
Condition 4.2(D)(v); 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis set out in 
Condition 4.2(D)(vi); and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis set out in Condition 4.2(D)(vii). 
"DBRS" means any entity that is part of DBRS Group and any successor to the relevant rating agency. 
"Dealers" means Banco Comercial Português S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan 
Stanley  Europe SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, 
Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"DGF" means the Deposit Guarantee Fund, as introduced by Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 
February, which amended the Banking Law. 
"DGS" means the European Union national Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
"DGS Directive" means Directive 2014/49/EU. 
"DTAs" means deferred tax assets.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
"EBA" means the European Banking Authority. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank. 
"EDIS" means the European Deposits Insurance Scheme. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"EFWP-B" means the Europejska Fundacja Współpracy Polsko - Belgijskiej / European Foundation 
for Polish-Belgian Cooperation. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
"EU" means the European Union. 
"Euro", "€" or "euro" means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Eurobank" means Euro Bank S.A. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
"Eurosystem" means the central banking system for the Euro. 
"FIEA" means the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended 
or superseded from time to time. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to such Covered 
Bonds. 
"Financial Services Act" means the Legislative Decree-Law No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
or superseded from time to time. 
"Fitch" or "Fitch Ratings" means any entity that is part of Fitch Group and any successor to the relevant 
rating agency. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded from time to 
time. 
"FRTB" means the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book. 
"FX" means foreign exchange. 
"FX-indexed" means foreign exchange indexed. 
"G-SII" means global systemically important institution. 
"GBP", "£"or "pounds sterling" means pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
"GDPR" means the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, approved by the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 April of 2016, as amended or 
superseded from time to time.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
"Hedge Counterparties" means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Hedging Contracts" means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Law for the purpose of hedging interest rate, exchange or liquidity risks in relation to 
the Cover Pool. 
"HQLA" means high-quality liquid assets. 
"ICSDs" means Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"IDR" means Issuer Default Rating. 
"IGA" means an intergovernmental agreement with the United States. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected 
and appointed by the Issuer. 
"IMF" means the International Monetary Fund.  
"Insolvency Event" means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and 
regulations (including under Decree-Law No. 199/2006, of 25 October 2006, Decree-Law No. 298/92, 
of 31 December 1992 and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of 
Companies introduced by Decree-Law No. 53/2004, of 18 March 2004). 
"Instruction 13/2006" means the regulatory instruction ("Instrução") No. 13/2006 issued by the Bank 
of Portugal relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of mortgage covered 
bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Interbolsa" means Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
"Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"Interest Amount" means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
"Issue Date" means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered 
Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
"Issuer" means Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
"KPIs" means key performance indicators. 
"LCR" means liquidity coverage ratio.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
"Loan to Value" means, in respect of a Mortgage Credit, the ratio of the aggregate Value of such 
Mortgage Credit to the Current Property Value of the Property securing such Mortgage Credit. 
"Maturity" means the final legal maturity of any outstanding Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, 
Hedging Contracts or Other Assets, as applicable. 
"MDA" means minimum distributable amount. 
"Millennium bcp Ageas" means Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo Segurador, S.G.P.S., S.A. 
"Millennium bim" means BIM - Banco Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. 
"MiFID II" means the Directive 2014/65/UE of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 
2014, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"MiFIR" means the Regulation 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 
2014, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"Moody's" means any entity that is part of Moody's Group and any successor to the relevant Rating 
Agency. 
"Mortgage" means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of voluntary mortgage over 
the relevant Property the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as security for the repayment of that 
Mortgage Credit. 
"Mortgage Credit" means the pecuniary credit receivables secured by a Mortgage and/or any 
Additional Security which is comprised in the Cover Pool and which complies with the following 
eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law: 
(a) 
it is a pecuniary receivable not yet matured, which is neither subject to conditions nor 
encumbered, judicially seized or apprehended and which (a) is secured by first ranking 
mortgages over residential or commercial real estate located in an EU member state; or 
(b) 
secured by a junior mortgage but where all Mortgage Credits ranking senior thereto are held by 
the Issuer and also allocated to the relevant cover pool; or 
(c) 
secured by (i) a personal guarantee granted by a credit institution, or (ii) an appropriate 
insurance policy, in any case together with a mortgage counter guarantee evidencing paragraph 
(a) or (b) above. 
"MREL" means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
"Non-Performing Mortgage Credits" means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and 
those payments are referable to a period of 90 days or more. 
"Novo Banco" means Novo Banco, S.A. 
"NPEs" means non-performing exposures.  
"NPLs" means non-performing loans.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
"NSFR" means net stability funding ratio. 
"O-SII" means other systemically important institution. 
"Ocidental Vida" means Ocidental-Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. 
"OCR" means overall capital requirement. 
"Official List" means the Official List of the Euronext Dublin. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for 
the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
"OTC" means over-the-counter. 
"Other Assets" means all assets other than Mortgage Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply 
with the eligibility criteria established in the Covered Bonds Law and which are included in the Cover 
Pool as specified in the Register, including: 
(a) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem; 
(b) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (which are not in a control or group 
relationship with the Issuer) having a rating equal to or higher than the minimum rating given 
at any time by the Rating Agencies, provided that such minimum rating shall in any event be 
at least "A-" or equivalent; and 
(c) 
other assets complying simultaneously with the requisites of low risk and high liquidity as 
defined by the Bank of Portugal. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred 
under the Hedging Contracts. 
"Other Preferred Creditors" means the Common Representative (or any successor thereof) and Hedge 
Counterparties. 
"Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 105.26% or such other percentage as may be selected by 
the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below 105.26%; and (ii) (A) so long as the Covered Bonds are rated Aa1 or above 
by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies 
for the purposes of Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover Pool and Issuer Covenants), 
unless, always provided that (i) above is satisfied, Moody's has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that 
such reduction would not result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by Moody's 
being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch, and (B) so long as the Covered Bonds 
are not rated Aa1 or above by Moody's, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Valuation of Cover 
Pool and Issuer Covenants). 
"P2G" means Pillar 2 capital guidance. 
"P2R" means Pillar 2 capital requirements.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
"Paying Agents" means the paying agents named in the Set of Agency Procedures together with any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds under the Set of Agency Procedures. 
"Portuguese Companies Code" means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law No. 
262/86, of 2 September 1986 (as amended or superseded from time to time). 
"Portuguese Securities Code" means Decree-Law No. 486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended or 
superseded from time to time). 
"PRIIPs Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded from time to 
time). 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, in respect of a Covered Bond, the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder 
of Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
"Programme" means the Euro 12,500,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 5 June 2007 
and updated on 4 August 2008, on 23 July 2009, on 6 May 2010, on 29 June 2012, on 10 July 2013, on 
14 August 2014, on 23 October 2015, 20 December 2016, 15 May 2019, 26 May 2020 and 21 May 
2021 for the issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus. 
"Programme Agreement" means the agreement dated 21 May 2021 entered into between the Issuer 
and the Dealers. 
"Programme Documents" means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Set of Agency 
Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant thereto and 
in relation to the Programme. 
"Programme Resolution" means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate 
the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default – Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or 
directing the Common Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable 
of being passed at a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
"Property" means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and "Properties" means all of them. 
"Property Valuation" means, in relation to any Property: 
(a) 
the amount determined as the commercial value or the market value (as applicable) of such 
Property in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time 
or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with Regulation 5/2006; 
and 
(b) 
the amount determined by resorting to the use of adequate and recognised indices or statistical 
methods, whenever an independent valuation of the Property is not required pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Law and Regulation 5/2006. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded from time to 
time. 
"PSD2" means Payment Services Directive 2.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
"RAS" means Risk Appetite Statement. 
"Rating" means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency 
and "Ratings" means all of such Ratings. 
"Rating Agencies" means Moody's, Fitch, Standard & Poor's and DBRS as applicable. 
"Register" means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Portugal Regulations. 
"Regulation 5/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as security for 
mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of mortgage covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation 6/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to the issue of 
mortgage covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation 8/2006" means the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a credit 
institution which has issued covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
"Relevant State" means a Member State of the European Economic Area. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method 
of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of 
all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment 
of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this

--- Page 264 ---
264 
definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in 
Condition 12(C) of the Terms and Conditions. 
"Resolution" means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
"Resolution Fund" means the Portuguese Resolution Fund (Fundo de Resolução). 
"Resolution Group" means the resolution group headed by the Bank, at a sub-consolidated level, which 
includes the operations based in Portugal, Switzerland and Cayman, and excludes the operations based 
in Mozambique and Poland. 
"RWA" means risk weighted assets. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended or superseded from time 
to time. 
"Series" means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are: (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, 
interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
"Set of Agency Procedures" means the set of agency procedures (such set of agency procedures as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 15 May 2019 and made and 
agreed by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent and Paying Agent, which 
expressions shall include any successors, and as Issuer) and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, 
and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
"SKOK Piast" means Spółdzielcza Kasa Oszczędnościowo-Kredytowa Piast. 
"SME" means small and medium enterprises. 
"SRB" means the Single Resolution Board. 
"SREP" means the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process. 
"SRF" means the Single Resolution Fund. 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 15 July 2014. 
"SSM" means the Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
for a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Standard & Poor's" means any entity that is part of Standard & Poor's Group and any successor to 
the relevant rating agency. 
"Statutory Auditor" means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Institute 
of Statutory Auditors ("Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), registered with the CMVM with 
registration number 20161389, with registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 Lisbon.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
"Stock Exchange" means Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be 
listed as per the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
"Substitute Credit Institution" means the credit institution appointed in case of an Insolvency Event 
to manage the Cover Pool allocated to the outstanding Covered Bonds and to ensure the payments of 
the amounts due to the holders of such Covered Bonds. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2 Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system. 
"Tax" shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, 
deduction or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Authority and "Taxes", "taxation", "taxable" and comparable expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Tax Authority" means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, 
customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise function including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs. 
"Tax Deduction" means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
"Terms and Conditions" means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions to be 
endorsed on the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed 
in relation to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
"TLOF" means Total Liabilities and Own Funds. 
"Tranche" means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
"TREA" means Total Risk Exposure Amount. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union. 
"U.S.$", "USD" or "U.S. dollars" means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States 
of America. 
"UK-EU Withdrawal Agreement" means the ratified EU-UK article 50 withdrawal agreement. 
 "UOKiK" means Office of Competition and Consumer Protection. 
"Value" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgage Credit:

--- Page 266 ---
266 
(i) 
for the purpose of the Overcollateralisation Percentage, an amount equal to the book 
value of such Mortgage Credit entered on the Register, together with any matured and 
accrued interest; or 
(ii) 
for the purpose of Loan to Value calculation, an amount equal to the book value of such 
Mortgage Credit entered on the Register; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Other Assets: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of any deposits together with any matured and accrued interest, 
as entered on the Register; or 
(ii) 
the value resulting from the rules regarding valuation of margins defined by the 
Eurosystem for securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions or, if lower, the 
nominal value of such securities, including matured and accrued interests. 
 
"VR" means Viability Rating.

--- Page 267 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Praça Dom João I, 28 
4000-295 Oporto  
Portugal 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
CO-ARRANGER 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Avenida Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park), Building 2, Floor 2 A  
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. 
Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7 
1070-100 Lisboa 
Portugal

--- Page 268 ---
DEALERS 
 
 
Banco Comercial Português, 
S.A. 
Avenida Prof. Dr. 
Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park) 
Building 2, Floor 2 – Wing A 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
Banco Santander 
Totta, S.A. 
Rua do Ouro, 88 
1100-060 Lisboa 
Portugal 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CÉDEX 
France  
Credit Suisse Securities 
Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
 38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Franfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Natixis 
30 avenue 
Pierre Mendés-France 
75013 Paris 
France   
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands   
Nomura Financial Products 
Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 269 ---
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida de Francia 17, A, 1,  
46023 Valencia  
Spain 
 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Av. Dr. Mário Soares (Tagus Park) 
Building 7, Floor 1 – Wing B 
2744-005 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. 
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas 
Avenida Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7 
1070-100 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to Portuguese law 
as to English law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Sociedade de Advogados, S.P.R.L. 
One Bishops Square 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
London E1 6AD 
1200-151 Lisbon 
United Kingdom 
Portugal